"how many roads must a man walk down
before you call him a man?
how many seas must a white dove sail
before she sleeps in the sand?
yes n'how many times must the cannon balls fly
before they're forever banned?
the answer my friend is blowing in the wind
the answer is blowing in the wind
yes n'how many years can a mountain exist
before its washed to the sea?
yes n'how many years can some people exist
before they're allowed to be free?
yes n'how many times can a man turn his head
pretend that he just doesn't see?
the answer my friend is blowing in the wind
the answer is blowing in the wind
yes n'how many times must a man look up
before he can see the sky?
yes n'how many ears must one man have
before he can hear people cry
yes n'how many deaths will it take till he know
that too many people have died
the answer my friend is blowing in the wind
the answer is blowing in the wind"
"once upon a time you dressed so fine
threw the bums a dime in your prime,
didn't you?
people call say:
'beware doll, you're bound to fall'
you thought they were all
kidding you
you used to laugh about
everybody that was hanging out
now you don't talk so loud
now you don't seem so proud
about having to be scrounging your next meal
how does it feel,
how does it feel?
to be without a home,
like a complete unknown,
like a rolling stone
ahh you've gone to the finest schools,
alright miss lonely
but you know you only used to
get juiced in it
nobody's ever taught you how to
live out on the street
and now you're gonna have to get used to it
you say you never compromise
with the mystery tramp,
but now you realize
he's not selling any alibis
as you stare into the vacuum of his eyes
and say 'do you want to make a deal?'
how does it feel,
how does it feel?
to be on your own,
with no direction home
a complete unknown,
like a rolling stone
ah you never turned around to see
the frowns on the jugglers and the clowns
when they all did tricks for you
you never understood that it ain't no good
you shouldn't let other people
get your kicks for you
you used to ride on a chrome horse
with your diplomat
who carried on his shoulder a siamese cat
ain't it hard when you discovered that
he really wasn't where it's at
after he took from you
everything he could steal
how does it feel,
how does it feel?
to have on your own,
with no direction home
like a complete unknown,
like a rolling stone
ahh princess on a steeple
and all the pretty people
they're all drinking,
thinking that they've got it made
exchanging all precious gifts
but you better take your diamond ring,
you better pawn it babe
you used to be so amused
at napoleon in rags
and the language that he used
go to him, he calls you,
you can't refuse
when you ain't got nothing,
you got nothing to lose
you're invisible now,
you've got no secrets to conceal
how does it feel,
ah how does it feel?
to be on your own,
with no direction home
like a complete unknown,
like a rolling stone"
"mama, take this badge off of me
i can't use it anymore
it's getting dark, too dark to see
i feel like i'm knockin' on heaven's door
knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
mama, put that gun to the ground
cause i can't shoot them anymore
there´s a long black cloud coming on down
i feel like i'm knockin' on heaven's door.
knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
ooh, ooh
ooh, ooh"
"pistol shots ring out in the ballroom night
enter patty valentine from the upper hall.
she sees the bartender in a pool of blood,
cries out, ""my god, they've killed them all!""
here comes the story of the hurricane,
the man the authorities came to blame
for somethin' that he never done.
put in a prison cell, but one time he could a been
the champion of the world.
three bodies lyin' there does patty see
and another man named bello, movin' around mysteriously.
""i didn't do it,"" he says, and he throws up his hands
""i was only robbin' the register, i hope you understand.
i saw them leavin',"" he says, and he stops
""one of us had better call up the cops.""
and so patty calls the cops
and they arrive on the scene with their red lights flashin'
in the hot new jersey night.
meanwhile, far away in another part of town
rubin carter and a couple of friends are drivin' around.
number one contender for the middleweight crown
had no idea what kinda shit was about to go down
when a cop pulled him over to the side of the road
just like the time before and the time before that.
in paterson that's just the way things go.
if you're black you might as well not show up on the street
'less you wanna draw the heat.
alfred bello had a partner
and he had a rap for the cops.
him and arthur dexter bradley were just out prowlin' around
he said, ""i saw two men runnin' out,
they looked likemiddleweights
they jumped into a white car with out of state plates.""
and miss patty valentine just nodded her head.
cop said, ""wait a minute, boys, this one's not dead""
so they took him to the infirmary
and though this man could hardly see
they told him that he could identify the guilty men.
four in the mornin' and they haul rubin in,
take him to the hospital and they bring him upstairs.
the wounded man looks up through his one dyin' eye
says, ""wha'd you bring him in here for? he ain't the guy!""
yes, here's the story of the hurricane,
the man the authorities came to blame
for somethin' that he never done.
put in a prison cell, but one time he could a been
the champion of the world.
four months later, the ghettos are in flame,
rubin's in south america, fightin' for his name
while arthur dexter bradley's still in the robbery game
and the cops are puttin' the screws to him,
lookin' for somebody to blame.
""remember that murder that happened in a bar?""
""remember you said you saw the getaway car?""
""you think you'd like to play ball with the law?""
""think it might a been that fighter
that you saw runnin' that night?""
""don't forget that you are white.""
arthur dexter bradley said, ""i'm really not sure.""
cops said, ""a poor boy like you could use a break
we got you for the motel job
and we're talkin' to your friend bello
now you don't wanta have to go back to jail,
be a nice fellow.
you'll be doin' society a favor.
that sonofab**** is brave and gettin' braver.
we want to put his ass in stir
we want to pin this triple murder on him
he ain't no gentleman jim.""
rubin could take a man out with just one punch
but he never did like to talk about it all that much.
it's my work, he'd say, and i do it for pay
and when it's over i'd just as soon go on my way
up to some paradise
where the trout streams flow and the air is nice
and ride a horse along a trail.
but then they took him to the jail house
where they try to turn a man into a mouse.
all of rubin's cards were marked in advance
the trial was a pig circus, he never had a chance.
the judge made rubin's witnesses
drunkards from the slums
to the white folks who watched
he was a revolutionary bum
and to the black folks he was just a crazy n****.
no one doubted that he pulled the trigger.
and though they could not produce the gun,
the d.a. said he was the one who did the deed
and the all white jury agreed.
rubin carter was falsely tried.
the crime was murder ""one,"" guess who testified?
bello and bradley and they both baldly lied
and the newspapers, they all went along for the ride.
how can the life of such a man
be in the palm of some fool's hand?
to see him obviously framed
couldn't help but make me feel ashamed to live in a land
where justice is a game.
now all the criminals in their coats and their ties
are free to drink martinis and watch the sun rise
while rubin sits like buddha in a ten foot cell
an innocent man in a living hell.
that's the story of the hurricane,
but it won't be over till they clear his name
and give him back the time he's done.
put in a prison cell, but one time he could a been
the champion of the world."
"hey! mr. tambourine man, play a song for me,
i'm not sleepy and there is no place i'm going to.
hey! mr. tambourine man, play a song for me,
in the jingle jangle morning i'll come followin' you.
though i know that evenin's empire has returned into sand,
vanished from my hand,
left me blindly here to stand but still not sleeping.
my weariness amazes me, i'm branded on my feet,
i have no one to meet
and the ancient empty street's too dead for dreaming.
hey! mr. tambourine man, play a song for me,
i'm not sleepy and there is no place i'm going to.
hey! mr. tambourine man, play a song for me,
in the jingle jangle morning i'll come followin' you.
take me on a trip upon your magic swirlin' ship,
my senses have been stripped, my hands can't feel to grip,
my toes too numb to step, wait only for my boot heels
to be wanderin'.
i'm ready to go anywhere, i'm ready for to fade
into my own parade, cast your dancing spell my way,
i promise to go under it.
hey! mr. tambourine man, play a song for me,
i'm not sleepy and there is no place i'm going to.
hey! mr. tambourine man, play a song for me,
in the jingle jangle morning i'll come followin' you.
though you might hear laughin', spinnin',
swingin' madly across the sun,
it's not aimed at anyone, it's just escapin' on the run
and but for the sky there are no fences facin'.
and if you hear vague traces of skippin' reels of rhyme
to your tambourine in time, it's just a ragged clown behind,
i wouldn't pay it any mind, it's just a shadow you're
seein' that he's chasing.
hey! mr. tambourine man, play a song for me,
i'm not sleepy and there is no place i'm going to.
hey! mr. tambourine man, play a song for me,
in the jingle jangle morning i'll come followin' you.
then take me disappearin' through the smoke rings of my mind,
down the foggy ruins of time, far past the frozen leaves,
the haunted, frightened trees, out to the windy beach,
far from the twisted reach of crazy sorrow.
yes, to dance beneath the diamond sky
with one hand waving free,
silhouetted by the sea, circled by the circus sands,
with all memory and fate driven deep beneath the waves,
let me forget about today until tomorrow.
hey! mr. tambourine man, play a song for me,
i'm not sleepy and there is no place i'm going to.
hey! mr. tambourine man, play a song for me,
in the jingle jangle morning i'll come followin' you."
"lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed
lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed
whatever colors you have in your mind
i'll show them to you and you'll see them shine
lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed
stay, lady, stay, stay with your man awhile
until the break of day, let me see you make him smile
his clothes are dirty but his hands are clean
and you're the best thing that he's ever seen
stay, lady, stay, stay with your man awhile
why wait any longer for the world to begin
you can have your cake and eat it too
why wait any longer for the one you love
when he's standing in front of you
lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed
stay, lady, stay, stay while the night is still ahead
i long to see you in the morning light
i long to reach for you in the night
stay, lady, stay, stay while the night is still ahead"
"come you masters of war
you that build the big guns
you that build the death planes
you that build all the bombs
you that hide behind walls
you that hide behind desks
i just don't want you to know
i can see through your masks
you that never done nothin'
but build to destroy
you play with my world
like it's your little toy
you put a gun in my hand
and you hide from my eyes
and you turn and run farther
when the fast bullets fly
like judas of old
you lie and deceive
a world war can be won
you want me to believe
but i see through your eyes
and i see through your brain
like i see through the water
that runs down my drain
you fasten all the triggers
for the others to fire
then you set back and watch
when the death count gets higher
you hide in your mansion
as young people's blood
flows out of their bodies
and is buried in the mud
you've thrown the worst fear
that can ever be hurled
fear to bring children
into the world
for threatening my baby
unborn and unnamed
you ain't worth the blood
that runs in your veins
how much do i know
to talk out of turn
you might say that i'm young
you might say i'm unlearned
but there's one thing i know
though i'm younger than you
even jesus would never
forgive what you do
let me ask you one question
is your money that good
will it buy you forgiveness
do you think that it could
i think you will find
when your death takes its toll
all the money you made
will never buy back your soul
and i hope that you die
and your death'll come soon
i will follow your casket
in the pale afternoon
and i'll watch while you're lowered
down to your deathbed
and i'll stand o'er your grave
'til i'm sure that you're dead"
"may god bless and keep you always,
may your wishes all come true,
may you always do for others
and let others do for you.
may you build a ladder to the stars
and climb on every rung,
may you stay forever young,
forever young, forever young,
may you stay forever young.
may you grow up to be righteous,
may you grow up to be true,
may you always know the truth
and see the lights surrounding you.
may you always be courageous,
stand upright and be strong,
may you stay forever young,
forever young, forever young,
may you stay forever young.
may your hands always be busy,
may your feet always be swift,
may you have a strong foundation
when the winds of changes shift.
may your heart always be joyful,
may your song always be sung,
may you stay forever young,
forever young, forever young,
may you stay forever young."
"come gather 'round people
wherever you roam
and admit that the waters
around you have grown
and accept it that soon
you'll be drenched to the bone.
if your time to you
is worth savin'
then you better start swimmin'
or you'll sink like a stone
for the times they are a changin'.
come writers and critics
who prophesize with your pen
and keep your eyes wide
the chance won't come again
and don't speak too soon
for the wheel's still in spin
and there's no tellin' who
that it's namin'.
for the loser now
will be later to win
for the times they are a changin'.
come senators, congressmen
please heed the call
don't stand in the doorway
don't block up the hall
for he that gets hurt
will be he who has stalled
there's a battle outside
and it is ragin'.
it'll soon shake your windows
and rattle your walls
for the times they are a changin'.
come mothers and fathers
throughout the land
and don't criticize
what you can't understand
your sons and your daughters
are beyond your command
your old road is
rapidly agin'.
please get out of the new one
if you can't lend your hand
for the times they are a changin'.
the line it is drawn
the curse it is cast
the slow one now
will later be fast
as the present now
will later be past
the order is
rapidly fadin'.
and the first one now
will later be last
for the times they are a changin'."
"""there must be some way out of here,"" said the joker to the thief,
""there's too much confusion, i can't get no relief.
businessmen, they drink my wine, plowmen dig my earth,
none of them along the line know what any of it is worth.""
""no reason to get excited,"" the thief, he kindly spoke,
""there are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke.
but you and i, we've been through that, and this is not our fate,
so let us not talk falsely now, the hour is getting late.""
all along the watchtower, princes kept the view
while all the women came and went, barefoot servants, too.
outside in the distance a wildcat did growl,
two riders were approaching, the wind began to howl."
"well, whether there was a murder, i don't know, i wasn't there
i was busy visiting a friend in jail
there were just two women on the scene at the time
neither one of 'em saw a thing, both of 'em were wearing veils
they said it was a natural situation
he reached too high and tumbled back to the ground
you know what they say about being nice to people on your way up
""you might meet 'em again on your way back down""
but it's too late to bring him back
too late, too late, too late, too late, too late to bring him back
he had a brother named paul hang out at the cafe royal
where miss dolly plays and the reviews have been mixed
well, he's pretty to look at looking for someone to throw the book at
but you know that he drinks and drinks, can't be fixed
sing me one more song about your summer romance, i know
you don't know ""motherless children""
sing me the one about you and errol flynn
in these times of compassion where conformity's a fashion
say one more stupid thing to me before the final nail is driven in
but it's too late to bring him back
too late, too late, too late, too late, too late to bring him back
dr. silver spoon from the empress ballroom
he's a retired businessman who feeds off everyone he's touched
gives money to the church and foundations for research
he's not someone you can play around with too much
but then there's rosetta blake who's been to both sides of the lake
she's rough to look at but she's righteously fit
she'll feed you coconut bread and spiced buns in bed
you won't have to worry 'bout sleeping face down
with your head in the plate
but it's too late to bring him back
too late, too late, too late, too late, too late to bring him back
you'll arrange to see your man tonight
who tells you some secret things you think might open some doors
how to enter the gates of paradise, no not really
more like how to go crazy from carrying a burden
that's never meant to be yours
from the stage they'll be doing the bumps and the grinds
a whore will pass the hat, collect a hundred grand and say thanks
they like to take all this money from sin
and build big universities to study in
and sing amazing grace all the way to the swiss bank
but it's too late to bring him back
too late, too late, too late, too late, too late to bring him back
they got some serious people out there, man
they can ring your bell and show you how to hold your tongue
they don't come to party, man
they kill babies in the crib and say only the good die young
they don't believe in mercy
and judgment on them is something you'll never see
they can put your face on a postage stamp
turn your home into an armed camp anyway they want you
that's the way you'll be
but it's too late to bring him back
too late, too late, too late, too late, too late to bring him back
yes, i loved him too
i still see him in my mind climbing up that hill
or was it a wall, i don't recall
it don't matter at all and it never will
ain't nothing left here partner
just the dust of fools that have left their mark in spades
from now on this will be where you're from
let the dead bury the dead, your time will come
feel that hot iron glowing now as you raise the shades
but it's too late to bring him back
too late, too late, too late, too late, too late to bring him back"
"man thinks 'cause he rules the earth he can do with it as he please
and if things don't change soon, he will.
oh, man has invented his doom,
first step was touching the moon.
now, there's a woman on my block,
she just sit there as the night grows still.
she say who gonna take away his license to kill?
now, they take him and they teach him and they groom him for life
and they set him on a path where he's bound to get ill,
then they bury him with stars,
sell his body like they do used cars.
now, there's a woman on my block,
she just sit there facin' the hill.
she say who gonna take away his license to kill?
now, he's hell bent for destruction, he's afraid and confused,
and his brain has been mismanaged with great skill.
all he believes are his eyes
and his eyes, they just tell him lies.
but there's a woman on my block,
sitting there in a cold chill.
she say who gonna take away his license to kill?
ya may be a noisemaker, spirit maker,
heartbreaker, backbreaker,
leave no stone unturned.
may be an actor in a plot,
that might be all that you got
'til your error you clearly learn.
now he worships at an altar of a stagnant pool
and when he sees his reflection, he's fulfilled.
oh, man is opposed to fair play,
he wants it all and he wants it his way.
now, there's a woman on my block,
she just sit there as the night grows still.
she say who gonna take away his license to kill?"
"you must leave now, take what you need, you think will last.
but whatever you wish to keep, you better grab it fast.
yonder stands your orphan with his gun,
crying like a fire in the sun.
look out the saints are comin' through
and it's all over now, baby blue.
the highway is for gamblers, better use your sense.
take what you have gathered from coincidence.
the empty handed painter from your streets
is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets.
this sky, too, is folding under you
and it's all over now, baby blue.
all your seasick sailors, they are rowing home.
all your reindeer armies, are all going home.
the lover who just walked out your door
has taken all his blankets from the floor.
the carpet, too, is moving under you
and it's all over now, baby blue.
leave your stepping stones behind, something calls for you.
forget the dead you've left, they will not follow you.
the vagabond who's rapping at your door
is standing in the clothes that you once wore.
strike another match, go start anew
and it's all over now, baby blue."
"your breath is sweet, your eyes are like
two jewels in the sky
your back is straight your hair is smooth
on the pillow where you lie.
but i don't sense affection
no gratitude or love.
your loyalty is not me but to the stars above
chourus :
one more cup of coffee for the road.
one more cup of coffee for i go,
to the valley below.
your daddy he's an outlaw
and a wanderer by trade.
he'll teach you how to pick an choose
and how to throw the blade.
and he oversees his kingdom
so no stranger does intrude.
his voice it trembles as he calls out
for another plate of food
chorus
your sister sees the future
like your momma and yourself.
you've never learned to read or write
there's no books upon your shelf.
and your pleasure know no limits
your voice is like a meadow larks.
but your heart is like an ocean
mysterious and dark.
chours"
"done laid around and stayed around this old town to long
sommers almost gone yeh winters commin on
done laid around and stayed around this old town to long
and i feel like i gotta travel on
there's a lonesome freight at six'o eight commin through the town
commin through the town yeh i'll be homeward bound
a lonesome freight at six'o eight a commin through the town
but i feel like i gotta travel on
that chilly wind will soon begin but i'll be on my way
i'll be on my way yeh i'll be home to stay
that chilly wind will soon begin and i'll be on my way
but i feel like i gotta travel on
high police and sherriff are commin after me
yeh commin after me yeh commin after me
the high police and sherriff are comin after me
and i feel like i gotta travel on
wanna see my honey, wanna see her bad
wanna see my honey, wanna see her bad
she's the best girl a man could ever have
papa writes to johnny but johnny can't come home
johnny can't come home no johnny can't come home
papa writes to johnny but johnny can't come home
cause he's been on the chain gaing to long"
"it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe
if you don't know by now
an' it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe
it'll never do somehow
when your rooster crows at the break of dawn
look out your window and i'll be gone
you're the reason i'm travelin' on
but don't think twice, it's all right
and it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe
that light i never knowed
an' it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, babe
i'm on the dark side of the road
but i wish there was somethin'
you would do or say
to try and make me change my mind and stay
but we never did too much talkin' anyway
so don't think twice, it's all right
so it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal
like you never done before
and it ain't no use in callin' out my name, gal
i can't hear you any more
i'm thinkin' and wonderin', walking down the road
i once loved a woman, a child i'm told
i give her my heart but she wanted my soul
but don't think twice, it's all right
so long, honey babe
where i'm bound, i can't tell
but goodbye's too good a word, babe
so i'll just say farewell
i ain't sayin' you treated me unkind
you could have done better but i don't mind
you just kind of wasted my precious time
but don't think twice, it's all right"
"just a minute before you leave, girl,
just a minute before you touch the door.
what is it that you're trying to achieve, girl?
do you think we can talk about it some more?
you know, the streets are filled with vipers
who've lost all ray of hope,
you know, it ain't even safe no more
in the palace of the pope.
don't fall apart on me tonight,
i just don't think that i could handle it.
don't fall apart on me tonight,
yesterday's just a memory,
tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be
and i need you, yeah.
come over here from over there, girl,
sit down here. you can have my chair.
i can't see us goin' anywhere, girl.
the only place open is a thousand miles away and i can't take you there.
i wish i'd have been a doctor,
maybe i'd have saved some life that had been lost,
maybe i'd have done some good in the world
'stead of burning every bridge i crossed.
don't fall apart on me tonight,
i just don't think that i could handle it.
don't fall apart on me tonight,
yesterday's just a memory,
tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be
and i need you, oh, yeah.
i ain't too good at conversation, girl,
so you might not know exactly how i feel,
but if i could, i'd bring you to the mountaintop, girl,
and build you a house made out of stainless steel.
but it's like i'm stuck inside a painting
that's hanging in the louvre,
my throat start to tickle and my nose itches
but i know that i can't move.
don't fall apart on me tonight,
i just don't think that i could handle it.
don't fall apart on me tonight,
yesterday's gone but the past lives on,
tomorrow's just one step beyond
and i need you, oh, yeah.
who are these people who are walking towards you?
do you know them or will there be a fight?
with their humorless smiles so easy to see through,
can they tell you what's wrong from what's right?
do you remember st. james street
where you blew jackie p.'s mind?
you were so fine, clark gable would have fell at your feet
and laid his life on the line.
let's try to get beneath the surface waste, girl,
no more booby traps and bombs,
no more decadence and charm,
no more affection that's misplaced, girl,
no more mudcake creatures lying in your arms.
what about that millionaire with the drumsticks in his pants?
he looked so baffled and so bewildered
when he played and we didn't dance.
don't fall apart on me tonight,
i just don't think that i could handle it.
don't fall apart on me tonight,
yesterday's just a memory,
tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be
and i need you, yeah."
"standing on the waters casting your bread
while the eyes of the idol with the iron head are glowing.
distant ships sailing into the mist,
you were born with a snake in both of your fists while a hurricane was blowing.
freedom just around the corner for you
but with the truth so far off, what good will it do?
jokerman dance to the nightingale tune,
bird fly high by the light of the moon,
oh, oh, oh, jokerman.
so swiftly the sun sets in the sky,
you rise up and say goodbye to no one.
fools rush in where angels fear to tread,
both of their futures, so full of dread, you don't show one.
shedding off one more layer of skin,
keeping one step ahead of the persecutor within.
jokerman dance to the nightingale tune,
bird fly high by the light of the moon,
oh, oh, oh, jokerman.
you're a man of the mountains, you can walk on the clouds,
manipulator of crowds, you're a dream twister.
you're going to sodom and gomorrah
but what do you care? ain't nobody there would want to marry your sister.
friend to the martyr, a friend to the woman of shame,
you look into the fiery furnace, see the rich man without any name.
jokerman dance to the nightingale tune,
bird fly high by the light of the moon,
oh, oh, oh, jokerman.
well, the book of leviticus and deuteronomy,
the law of the jungle and the sea are your only teachers.
in the smoke of the twilight on a milk white steed,
michelangelo indeed could've carved out your features.
resting in the fields, far from the turbulent space,
half asleep near the stars with a small dog licking your face.
jokerman dance to the nightingale tune,
bird fly high by the light of the moon,
oh. oh. oh. jokerman.
well, the rifleman's stalking the sick and the lame,
preacherman seeks the same, who'll get there first is uncertain.
nightsticks and water cannons, tear gas, padlocks,
molotov cocktails and rocks behind every curtain,
false hearted judges dying in the webs that they spin,
only a matter of time 'til night comes steppin' in.
jokerman dance to the nightingale tune,
bird fly high by the light of the moon,
oh, oh, oh, jokerman.
it's a shadowy world, skies are slippery gray,
a woman just gave birth to a prince today and dressed him in scarlet.
he'll put the priest in his pocket, put the blade to the heat,
take the motherless children off the street
and place them at the feet of a harlot.
oh, jokerman, you know what he wants,
oh, jokerman, you don't show any response.
jokerman dance to the nightingale tune,
bird fly high by the light of the moon,
oh, oh, oh, jokerman."
"when the rain is blowing in your face
and the whole world is on your case
i could offer you a warm embrace
to make you feel my love
when the evening shadows and the stars appear
and there is no one there to dry your tears
i could hold you for a million years
to make you feel my love
i know you haven't made your mind up yet
but i would never do you wrong
i've known it from the moment that we met
no doubt in my mind where you belong
i'd go hungry, i'd go black and blue
i'd go crawling down the avenue
there's nothing that i wouldn't do
to make you feel my love
the storms are raging on the rollin' sea
and on the highway of regret
the winds of change are blowing wild and free
you ain't seen nothing like me yet
i could make you happy, make your dreams come true
nothing that i wouldn't do
go to the ends of the earth for you
to make you feel my love"
"god don't make no promises that he don't keep.
you got some big dreams, baby, but in order to dream you gotta still be asleep.
when you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?
counterfeit philosophies have polluted all of your thoughts.
karl marx has got ya by the throat, henry kissinger's got you tied up in knots.
when you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?
you got innocent men in jail, your insane asylums are filled,
you got unrighteous doctors dealing drugs that'll never cure your ills.
when you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?
you got men who can't hold their peace and women who can't control their tongues,
the rich seduce the poor and the old are seduced by the young.
when you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?
adulterers in churches and pornography in the schools,
you got gangsters in power and lawbreakers making rules.
when you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?
spiritual advisors and gurus to guide your every move,
instant inner peace and every step you take has got to be approved.
when you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?
do you ever wonder just what god requires?
you think he's just an errand boy to satisfy your wandering desires.
when you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?
you can't take it with you and you know that it's too worthless to be sold,
they tell you, ""time is money"" as if your life was worth its weight in gold.
when you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?
there's a man up on a cross and he's been crucified.
do you have any idea why or for who he died?
when you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up
when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?"
"oh, where have you been, my blue eyed son?
oh, where have you been, my darling young one?
i've stumbled on the side of twelve misty mountains,
i've walked and i've crawled on six crooked highways,
i've stepped in the middle of seven sad forests,
i've been out in front of a dozen dead oceans,
i've been ten thousand miles
in the mouth of a graveyard,
and it's a hard, and it's a hard,
it's a hard, and it's a hard,
and it's a hard rain's gonna fall.
oh, what did you see, my blue eyed son?
oh, what did you see, my darling young one?
i saw a newborn baby
with wild wolves all around it
i saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it,
i saw a black branch with blood that kept drippin',
i saw a room full of men
with their hammers a bleedin',
i saw a white ladder all covered with water,
i saw ten thousand talkers
whose tongues were all broken,
i saw guns and sharp swords
in the hands of young children,
and it's a hard, and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard,
and it's a hard rain's gonna fall.
and what did you hear, my blue eyed son?
and what did you hear, my darling young one?
i heard the sound of a thunder,
it roared out a warnin',
heard the roar of a wave
that could drown the whole world,
heard one hundred drummers
whose hands were a blazin',
heard ten thousand whisperin' and nobody listenin',
heard one person starve,
i heard many people laughin',
heard the song of a poet who died in the gutter,
heard the sound of a clown who cried in the alley,
and it's a hard, and it's a hard,
it's a hard, it's a hard,
and it's a hard rain's gonna fall.
oh, who did you meet, my blue eyed son?
who did you meet, my darling young one?
i met a young child beside a dead pony,
i met a white man
who walked a black dog,
i met a young woman whose body was burning,
i met a young girl, she gave me a rainbow,
i met one man who was wounded in love,
i met another man who was wounded with hatred,
and it's a hard, it's a hard,
it's a hard, it's a hard,
it's a hard rain's gonna fall.
oh, what'll you do now, my blue eyed son?
oh, what'll you do now, my darling young one?
i'm a goin' back out 'fore the rain starts a fallin',
i'll walk to the depths of the deepest black forest,
where the people are many
and their hands are all empty,
where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters,
where the home in the valley
meets the damp dirty prison,
where the executioner's face is always well hidden,
where hunger is ugly, where souls are forgotten,
where black is the color, where none is the number,
and i'll tell it and think it and speak it and breathe it,
and reflect it from the mountain
so all souls can see it,
then i'll stand on the ocean until i start sinkin',
but i'll know my song well before i start singin',
and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard,
it's a hard rain's gonna fall."
"i pity the poor immigrant
who wishes he would've stayed home,
who uses all his power to do evil
but in the end is always left so alone.
that man whom with his fingers cheats
and who lies with ev'ry breath,
who passionately hates his life
and likewise, fears his death.
i pity the poor immigrant
whose strength is spent in vain,
whose heaven is like ironsides,
whose tears are like rain,
who eats but is not satisfied,
who hears but does not see,
who falls in love with wealth itself
and turns his back on me.
i pity the poor immigrant
who tramples through the mud,
who fills his mouth with laughing
and who builds his town with blood,
whose visions in the final end
must shatter like the glass.
i pity the poor immigrant
when his gladness comes to pass."
"mother of muses sing for me
sing of the mountains and the deep dark sea
sing of the lakes and the nymphs of the forest
sing your hearts out, all your women of the chorus
sing of honor and fate and glory be
mother of muses sing for me
mother of muses sing for my heart
sing of a love too soon to depart
sing of the heroes who stood alone
whose names are engraved on tablets of stone
who struggled with pain so the world could go free
mother of muses sing for me
sing of sherman, montgomery and scott‬
and of zhukov, and patton, and the battles they fought
who cleared the path for presley to sing
who carved the path for martin luther king
who did what they did and they went on their way
man, i could tell their stories all day
i'm falling in love with calliope
she don't belong to anyone, why not give her to me?
she's speaking to me, speaking with her eyes
i've grown so tired of chasing lies
mother of muses, wherever you are
i've already outlived my life by far
mother of muses, unleash your wrath
things i can't see, they're blocking my path
show me your wisdom, tell me my fate
put me upright, make me walk straight
forge my identity from the inside out
you know what i'm talking about
take me to the river, release your charms
let me down a while in your sweet, loving arms
wake me, shake me, free me from sin
make me invisible, like the wind
got a mind that ramble, got a mind that roam
i'm travelin' light and i'm a slow coming home"
"there's guns across the river aimin' at ya
lawman on your trail, he'd like to catch ya
bounty hunters, too, they'd like to get ya
billy, they don't like you to be so free.
campin' out all night on the berenda
dealin' cards 'til dawn in the hacienda
up to boot hill they'd like to send ya
billy, don't you turn your back on me.
playin' around with some sweet senorita
into her dark hallway she will lead ya
in some lonesome shadows she will greet ya
billy, you're so far away from home.
there's eyes behind the mirrors in empty places
bullet holes and scars between the spaces
there's always one more notch and ten more paces
billy, and you're walkin' all alone.
they say that pat garrett's got your number
so sleep with one eye open when you slumber
every little sound just might be thunder
thunder from the barrel of his gun.
guitars will play your grand finale
down in some tularosa alley,
maybe in the rio pecos valley
billy, you're so far away from home.
there's always some new stranger sneakin' glances
some trigger happy fool willin' to take chances
and some old whore from san pedro to make advances
advances on your spirit and your soul.
the businessmen from taos want you to go down
they've hired pat garrett to force a showdown.
billy, don't it make ya feel so low down
to be shot down by the man who was your friend?
hang on to your woman if you got one
remember in el paso, once, you shot one.
she may have been a whore, but she was a hot one
billy, you been runnin' for so long.
guitars will play your grand finale
down in some tularosa alley
maybe in the rio pecos valley
billy, you're so far away from home."
"ten thousand men on a hill,
ten thousand men on a hill,
some of 'm goin' down, some of 'm gonna get killed.
ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue,
ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue,
drummin' in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.
ten thousand men on the move,
ten thousand men on the move,
none of them doing nothin' that your mama wouldn't disapprove.
ten thousand men digging for silver and gold,
ten thousand men digging for silver and gold,
all clean shaven, all coming in from the cold.
hey! who could your lover be?
hey! who could your lover be?
let me eat off his head so you can really see!
ten thousand women all dressed in white,
ten thousand women all dressed in white,
standin' at my window wishing me goodnight.
ten thousand men looking so lean and frail,
ten thousand men looking so lean and frail,
each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.
ten thousand women all sweepin' my room,
ten thousand women all sweepin' my room,
spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up will a broom.
ooh, baby, thank you for my tea!
baby, thank you for my tea!
it's so sweet of you to be so nice to me."
"one by one, they followed the sun,
one by one, until there were none.
two by two, to their lovers they flew,
two by two, into the foggy dew.
three by three, they danced on the sea,
four by four, they danced on the shore,
five by five, they tried to survive,
six by six, they were playing with tricks.
bridge #1:
how many paths did they try and fail?
how many of their brothers and sisters lingered in jail?
how much poison did they inhale?
how many black cats crossed their trail?
seven by seven, they headed for heaven,
eight by eight, they got to the gate,
nine by nine, they drank the wine,
ten by ten, they drank again.
bridge #2:
how many tomorrow's have are they given away?
how many compared to yesterday?
how many more without any reward?
how many more can they afford?
two by two, they stepped into the ark,
two by two, they step in the dark.
three by three, they're turning the key,
four by four, they turn it some more,
one by one, they follow the sun,
two by two, to another rendezvous."
"if i send for my baby, man, and she don't come
send for my baby, man, and she don't come
all the doctors in hot springs sure can't help her none
if she gets unruly, thinks she don't wanna do
she gets unruly, thinks she don't wanna do
take my 32 20, boy, cut her half in two
she got a. 38 special but i believe it's most too light
38 special but i believe it's most too light
i got a 32 20 to make the camps all right
if i send for my baby, man, and she don't come
send for my baby, man, and she don't come
them doctors in hot springs sure can't help her none
gonna shoot my pistol, gonna shoot my gatling gun
gonna shoot my pistol, gotta shoot my gatling gun
you made me love you, now your man have come
ow, baby, where you stay last night?
ow, baby, where'd you stay last night?
you got your hair all tangled and you ain't talking right
got a. 38 special, boy, it do very well
got a. 38 special and it do very well
got a 32 20 now, it's a burning hell
if i send for my baby, man, and she don't come
i send for my baby, man, and she don't come
all the doctors in west point sure can't help her none
ow, baby, where'd you stay last night?
ow, baby, where'd you stay last night?
you didn't come home till the sun was shining bright
ow, boy, i just can't take my rest
ow, boy, i just can't take my rest
with this 32 20 laying up and down my breast"
"when she said,
""don't waste your words, they're just lies,""
i cried she was deaf.
and she worked on my face until breaking my eyes,
then said, ""what else you got left?""
it was then that i got up to leave
but she said, ""don't forget,
everybody must give something back
for something they get.""
i stood there and hummed,
i tapped on her drum and asked her how come.
and she buttoned her boot,
and straightened her suit,
then she said, ""don't get cute.""
so i forced my hands in my pockets
and felt with my thumbs,
and gallantly handed her
my very last piece of gum.
she threw me outside,
i stood in the dirt where ev'ryone walked.
and after finding i'd
forgotten my shirt,
i went back and knocked.
i waited in the hallway, she went to get it,
and i tried to make sense
out of that picture of you in your wheelchair
that leaned up against . .
her jamaican rum
and when she did come, i asked her for some.
she said, ""no, dear.""
i said, ""your words aren't clear,
you'd better spit out your gum.""
she screamed till her face got so red
then she fell on the floor,
and i covered her up and then
thought i'd go look through her drawer.
and, when i was through
i filled up my shoe
and brought it to you.
and you, you took me in,
you loved me then
you didn't waste time.
and i, i never took much,
i never asked for your crutch.
now don't ask for mine."
"now and then there's a fool such as i
pardon me if i'm sentimental, came to say goodbye
don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should i cry
when you are gone, i will dream a little dream as years go by
now and then there is a fool, a fool such as i.
now and then there's a fool such as i am over you
you taught me how to love and now you happened to be untrue
i am a fool but i love you, dear, yes i will until the day i die.
now and then there is a fool, a fool such as i.
pardon me if i'm sentimental, came to say goodbye
don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should i cry
when you are gone, when you are gone, i will dream a little
i will dream as years go by
now and then, now and then there is a fool, a fool such as i.
now and then there's a fool, a fool such as i am over you
you taught me how to love and now you say that we are through
i am a fool, yes, but i love you dear, i will love you dear
till the day, till the day i die
now and then, now and then there is a fool, a fool such as i.
now and then there is a fool, a fool such as i.
now and then there is a fool, a fool such as i."
"how many times have you heard someone say,
""if i had his money, i could do things my way.""
but little they know that it's so hard to find
one rich man in ten with a satisfied mind.
once i was winning in fortune and fame;
everything that i dreamed of to get a start in lifes game.
but suddenly it happened, i lost every dime,
but i'm richer by far with a satisfied mind.
money can't buy back your youth when you're old
or a friend when you're lonesome or a love that's grown cold;
the wealthiest person is a pauper at times
compared to the man with a satisfied mind.
when life is over, my time has run out,
my friends and my loved ones i'll leave, there's no doubt.
but one thing for certain, when it comes my time,
i'll leave this old world with a satisfied mind."
"i can hear the turning of the key
i've been deceived by the clown inside of me.
i thought that he was righteous but he's vain
oh, something's a telling me i wear the ball and chain.
my patron saint is a fighting with a ghost
he's always off somewhere when i need him most.
the spanish moon is rising on the hill
but my heart is a tellin' me i love ya still.
i come back to the town from the flaming moon
i see you in the streets, i begin to swoon.
i love to see you dress before the mirror
won't you let me in your room one time 'fore i finally disappear?
everybody's wearing a disguise
to hide what they've got left behind their eyes.
but me, i can't cover what i am
wherever the children go i'll follow them.
i march in the parade of liberty
but as long as i love you i'm not free.
how long must i suffer such abuse
won't you let me see you smile one time before i turn you loose?
i've given up the game, i've got to leave,
the pot of gold is only make believe.
the treasure can't be found by men who search
whose gods are dead and whose queens are in the church.
we sat in an empty theater and we kissed,
i asked ya please to cross me off a your list.
my head tells me it's time to make a change
but my heart is telling me i love ya but you're strange.
one more time at midnight, near the wall
take off your heavy make up and your shawl.
won't you descend from the throne, from where you sit?
let me feel your love one more time before i abandon it."
"well, your railroad gate, you know i just can't jump it
sometimes it gets so hard, you see
i'm just sitting here beating on my trumpet
with all these promises you left for me
but where are you tonight, sweet marie?
well, i waited for you when i was half sick
yes, i waited for you when you hated me
well, i waited for you inside of the frozen traffic
when you knew i had some other place to be
now, where are you tonight, sweet marie?
well, anybody can be just like me, obviously
but then, now again, not too many can be like you, fortunately.
well, six white horses that you did promise
were fin'lly delivered down to the penitentiary
but to live outside the law, you must be honest
i know you always say that you agree
but where are you tonight, sweet marie?
well, i don't know how it happened
but the river boat captain, he knows my fate
but ev'rybody else, even yourself
they're just gonna have to wait.
well, i got the fever down in my pockets
the persian drunkard, he follows me
yes, i can take him to your house but i can't unlock it
you see, you forgot to leave me with the key
oh, where are you tonight, sweet marie?
now, i been in jail when all my mail showed
that a man can't give his address out to bad company
and now i stand here lookin' at your yellow railroad
in the ruins of your balcony
wond'ring where you are tonight, sweet marie."
"well, your railroad gate, you know i just can't jump it
sometimes it gets so hard, you see
i'm just sitting here beating on my trumpet
with all these promises you left for me
but where are you tonight, sweet marie?
well, i waited for you when i was half sick
yes, i waited for you when you hated me
well, i waited for you inside of the frozen traffic
when you knew i had some other place to be
now, where are you tonight, sweet marie?
well, anybody can be just like me, obviously
but then, now again, not too many can be like you, fortunately
well, six white horses that you did promise
were fin'lly delivered down to the penitentiary
but to live outside the law, you must be honest
i know you always say that you agree
but where are you tonight, sweet marie?
well, i don't know how it happened
but the river boat captain, he knows my fate
but ev'rybody else, even yourself
they're just gonna have to wait
well, i got the fever down in my pockets
the persian drunkard, he follows me
yes, i can take him to your house but i can't unlock it
you see, you forgot to leave me with the key
oh, where are you tonight, sweet marie?
now, i been in jail when all my mail showed
that a man can't give his address out to bad company
and now i stand here lookin' at your yellow railroad
in the ruins of your balcony
wond'ring where you are tonight, sweet marie"
"ain't no more cane on the brazos
oh, oh, oh, oh...
its all been ground down to molasses
oh, oh  oh, oh  oh...
you shoulda been on the river in 1910
they were driving the women just like they drove the men.
go down old hannah, don'cha rise no more
don't you rise up til judgment day's for sure
ain't no more cane on the brazos
its all been ground down to molasses
captain, don't you do me like you done poor old shine
well ya drove that bully til he went stone blind
wake up on a lifetime, hold up your own head
well you may get a pardon and then you might drop dead
ain't no more cane on the brazos
its all been ground down to molasses."
"as i walked out tonight in the mystic garden
the wounded flowers were dangling from the vine
i was passing by yon cool crystal fountain
someone hit me from behind
ain't talkin', just walkin'
through this weary world of woe
heart burnin', still yearnin'
no one on earth would ever know
they say prayer has the power to heal
so pray for me mother
in the human heart an evil spirit can dwell
i am a tryin' to love my neighbor and do good unto others
but oh, mother, things ain't going well
ain't talkin', just walkin'
i'll burn that bridge before you can cross
heart burnin', still yearnin'
there'll be no mercy for you once you've lost
now i'm all worn down by weeping
my eyes are filled with tears, my lips are dry
if i catch my opponents ever sleeping
i'll just slaughter 'em where they lie
ain't talkin', just walkin'
through the world mysterious and vague
heart burnin', still yearnin'
walkin' through the cities of the plague.
well, the whole world is filled with speculation
the whole wide world which people say is round
they will tear your mind away from contemplation
they will jump on your misfortune when you're down
ain't talkin', just walkin'
eatin' hog eyed grease in a hog eyed town.
heart burnin', still yearnin'
some day you'll be glad to have me around.
they will crush you with wealth and power
every waking moment you could crack
i'll make the most of one last extra hour
i'll revenge my father's death then i'll step back
ain't talkin', just walkin'
hand me down my walkin' cane.
heart burnin', still yearnin'
got to get you out of my miserable brain.
all my loyal and my much loved companions
they approve of me and share my code
i practice a faith that's been long abandoned
ain't no altars on this long and lonesome road
ain't talkin', just walkin'
my mule is sick, my horse is blind.
heart burnin', still yearnin'
thinkin' 'bout that gal i left behind.
well, it's bright in the heavens and the wheels are flyin'
fame and honor never seem to fade
the fire gone out but the light is never dyin'
who says i can't get heavenly aid?
ain't talkin', just walkin'
carryin' a dead man's shield
heart burnin', still yearnin'
walkin' with a toothache in my heel
the sufferin' is unending
every nook and cranny has its tears
i'm not playing, i'm not pretending
i'm not nursin' any superfluous fears
ain't talkin', just walkin'
walkin' ever since the other night.
heart burnin', still yearnin'
walkin' 'til i'm clean out of sight.
as i walked out in the mystic garden
on a hot summer day, a hot summer lawn
excuse me, ma'am, i beg your pardon
there's no one here, the gardener is gone
ain't talkin', just walkin'
up the road, around the bend.
heart burnin', still yearnin'
in the last outback at the world's end."
"alberta let your hair hang low
alberta let your hair hang low
i'll give you more gold
than your apron can hold
if you'd only let your hair hang low
alberta what's on your mind
alberta what's on your mind
you keep me worried and bothered
all of the time
alberta what's on your mind
alberta don't you treat me unkind
alberta don't you treat me unkind
oh my heart is so sad
cause i want you so bad
alberta don't you treat me unkind
alberta let your hair hang low
alberta let your hair hang low
i'll give you more gold
than your apron can hold
if you'll only let your hair hang low"
"alberta let your hair hang low
alberta let your hair hang low
i'll give you more gold
than your apron can hold
if you'd only let your hair hang low
alberta what's on your mind
alberta what's on your mind
you keep me worried and bothered
all of the time
alberta what's on your mind
alberta don't you treat me unkind
alberta don't you treat me unkind
oh my heart is so sad
cause i want you so bad
alberta don't you treat me unkind
alberta let your hair hang low
alberta let your hair hang low
i'll give you more gold
than your apron can hold
if you'll only let your hair hang low
copyright © 1970 big sky music"
"i can make you mine
taste your lips of wine
any time, night or day
only trouble is, gee whiz
i'm dreaming my life away
dream dream dream dream
dream dream dream dream
whenever i want you
all i have to do is dream
dream dream dream dream
dream dream dream dream
when i want you in my mind
and i need you to hold me tight
whenever i want you
all i have to do is dream
dream dream dream dream
dream dream dream dream
i can make you mine
taste your lips of wine
any time night or day
only trouble is, gee whiz
i'm dreaming my life away
i need you so that i could die
i want you so and that is why
whenever i want you
all i have to do is dream
dream dream dream dream
dream dream dream dream"
"i aint lookin to compete with you,
beat or cheat or mistreat you,
simplify you,classify you.
deny, defy or crucify you.
all i really want to do
is,baby,be friends with you.
no,and i aint lookin to fight with you,
frighten you or tighten you,
drag you down or drain you down,
chain you down or bring you down.
all i really want to do
is,baby,be friends with you.
i aint lookin to block you up,
shock or knock or lock you up,
analyze you,categorize you,
finalize you or advertise you.
all i really want to do
is,baby be friends with you.
i dont want to straight face you,
race or chase you,trick or trace you,
or disgrace you or displace you,
or define you or confine you.
all i really want to do
is,baby,be friends with you
i dont want to meet your kin,
make you spin or do you in,
or select you or disect you,
or inspect you or reject you.
all i really want to do
is,baby,be friends with you
i dont want to fake you out,
take or shake or forsake you out,
i aint lookin for you to feel like me,
see like me or be like me.
all i really want to do
is,baby,be friends with you."
"all or nothing at all
half a love, never appealed to me
if your heart, never could yield to me
then i'd rather have nothing at all
all or nothing at all
if it's love, there is no in between
why begin then cry, for something that might have been
no i'd rather have nothing at all
please don't bring your lips so close to my cheek
don't smile or i'll be lost beyond recall
the kiss in your eyes, and the touch of your hand
makes me weak
and my heart may go dizzy and fall
and if i fell under the spell of your call
don't you know i would be caught in the undertow
and so you see, i've got to say no, no
all or nothing at all
all or nothing at all"
"all the tired horses in the sun
how'm i supposed to get any ridin' done? hmm"
"when somebody loves you
it's no good unless she loves you
all the way
happy to be near you
when you need someone to cheer you
all the way
taller than the tallest tree is
that's how it's got to feel
deeper than the deep blue sea is
that's how deep it goes
if it's real
when somebody needs you
it's no good unless she needs you
all the way
through the good or lean years
and for all those in between years
come what may
who knows where the road will lead us
only a fool would say
but if you let me love you
it's for sure i'm gonna love you
all the way
all the way
and when somebody needs you
it's no good unless she needs you
all the way
through the good or lean years
and for all those in between years
come what may
who knows where the road will lead us
only a fool would say
but if you let me love you
it's for sure i'm gonna love you
all the way
all the way"
"well, it's always been my nature to take chances
my right hand drawing back while my left hand advances
where the current is strong and the monkey dances
to the tune of a concertina
blood dryin' in my yellow hair as i go from shore to shore
i know what it is that has drawn me to your door
but whatever it could be, makes you think you've seen me before
angelina
oh, angelina. oh, angelina
his eyes were two slits that would make a snake proud
with a face that any painter would paint as he walked through the crowd
worshipping a god with the body of a woman well endowed
and the head of a hyena
do i need your permission to turn the other cheek?
if you can read my mind, why must i speak?
no, i have heard nothing about the man that you seek
angelina
oh, angelina. oh, angelina
in the valley of the giants where the stars and stripes explode
the peaches they were sweet and the milk and honey flowed
i was only following instructions when the judge sent me down the road
with your subpoena
when you cease to exist, then who will you blame?
i've tried my best to love you, but i cannot play this game
your best friend and my worst enemy is one and the same
angelina
oh, angelina. oh, angelina
there's a black mercedes rollin' through the combat zone
your servants are half dead; you're down to the bone
tell me, tall man, where would you like to be overthrown
maybe down in jerusalem or argentina?
she was stolen from her mother when she was three days old
now her vengeance has been satisfied and her possessions have been sold
he's surrounded by god's angels and she's wearin' a blindfold
and so are you, angelina
oh, angelina. oh, angelina
i see pieces of men marching; trying to take heaven by force
i can see the unknown rider, i can see the pale white horse
in god's truth tell me what you want, and you'll have it of course
just step into the arena
beat a path of retreat up them spiral staircases
pass the tree of smoke, pass the angel with four faces
begging god for mercy and weepin' in unholy places
angelina
oh, angelina. oh, angelina"
"what's your hurry? just watch this
this is one you mustn't miss
annie's going to sing her song, called ""take me back again. ""
a drink for me, a drink for you
you're going to need a drink or two
annie's going to sing her song
called ""take me back again. ""
you never heard it sung before
i hear it twice a month or more
complete with tears and sheepish grins
it only lacks the violins
the tune goes flat from time to time
the lyric sometimes fails to rhyme
but annie's going to sing her song
called ""take me back again. ""
la la la la la la la, la la la la la la la
annie's going to sing her song
called ""take me back again. ""
it sometimes lasts the whole night long
depends on how long she's been gone
i sit and look as hard as nails
she knows the damn thing never fails
take the bottle, fill your cup
don't miss the part where i fold up
annie's going to sing her song, called ""take me back again. ""
la la la la la la la, la la la la la la la
annie's going to sing her song
called ""take me back again. ""
it isn't annie's only tune
the other i'll be hearing soon
next week, tomorrow, or today
she sings it when she goes away
take the bottle, fill your cup
don't miss the part where i fold up
annie's going to sing her song
called ""take me back again
""come on, annie, sing you song
called ""take me back again. """
"old man sailin' in a dinghy boat
down there
old man down is baitin' a hook
on there
gonna pull man down on a suckling hook
gonna pull man into the suckling brook
oh yeah!
now, he's underneath that apple suckling tree
oh yeah!
under that apple suckling tree
oh yeah!
that's underneath that tree
there's gonna be just you and me
underneath that apple suckling tree
oh yeah!
i push him back and i stand in line
oh yeah!
then i hush my sadie and stand in line
oh yeah!
then i hush my sadie and stand in line
i get on board in two eyed time
oh yeah!
under that apple suckling tree
oh yeah!
under that apple suckling tree
oh yeah!
underneath that tree
there's just gonna be you and me
underneath that apple suckling tree
oh yeah!
now, who's on the table. who's to tell me?
oh yeah!
who's on the table, who's to tell me?
oh yeah!
who should i tell, oh, who should i tell?
the forty nine of you like bats out of hell
oh underneath that old apple suckling tree"
"are you ready, are you ready?
are you ready, are you ready?
are you ready to meet jesus?
are you where you ought to be?
will he know you when he sees you
or will he say, ""depart from me""?
are you ready, hope you're ready.
am i ready, am i ready?
am i ready, am i ready?
am i ready to lay down my life for the brethren
and to take up my cross?
have i surrendered to the will of god
or am i still acting like the boss?
am i ready, hope i'm ready.
when destruction cometh swiftly
and there's no time to say a fare thee well,
have you decided whether you want to be
in heaven or in hell?
are you ready, are you ready?
have you got some unfinished business?
is there something holding you back?
are you thinking for yourself
or are you following the pack?
are you ready, hope you're ready.
are you ready?
are you ready for the judgment?
are you ready for that terrible swift sword?
are you ready for armageddon?
are you ready for the day of the lord?
are you ready, i hope you're ready."
"1. oh, me and my cousin, one arthur mcbride,
as we went a walkin' down by the seaside,
mark now what followed and what did betide,
for it bein' on christmas mornin'
now, for recreation, we went on a tramp,
and we met sergeant napper and corporal vamp
and a little wee drummer intending to camp,
for the day bein' pleasant and charmin'.
2. ""good morning, good morning,"" the sergeant he cried.
""and the same to you, gentlemen,"" we did reply,
intending no harm but meant to pass by,
for it bein' on christmas mornin'
""but,"" says he, ""my fine fellows, if you will enlist,
ten guineas in gold i'll stick to your fist,
and a crown in the bargain for to kick up the dust,
and drink the king's health in the morning.
3. ""for a soldier, he leads a very fine life,
and he always is blessed with a charming young wife,
and he pays all his debts without sorrow or strife,
and he always lives pleasant and charmin',
and a soldier, he always is decent and clean,
in the finest of clothing he's constantly seen.
while other poor fellows go dirty and mean,
and sup on thin gruel in the morning.""
instrumental
4. ""but,"" says arthur, ""i wouldn't be proud of your clothes,
for you've only the lend of them, as i suppose,
but you dare not change them one night, for you know
if you do, you'll be flogged in the morning,
and although that we're single and free,
we take great delight in our own company,
we have no desire strange places to see,
although that your offers are charming.
5. ""and we have no desire to take your advance,
all hazards and dangers we barter on chance,
for you'd have no scruples for to send us to france,
where we would get shot without warning,""
""oh no,"" says the sergeant. ""i'll have no such chat,
and neither will i take it from snappy young brats,
for if you insult me with one other word,
i'll cut off your heads in the morning.""
6. and arthur and i, we soon drew our hogs,
and we scarce gave them time to draw their own blades
when a trusty shillelagh came over their head
and bid them take that as fair warning.
and their old rusty rapiers that hung by their sides,
we flung them as far as we could in the tide,
""now take them up, devils!"" cried arthur mcbride,
""and temper their edge in the mornin'!""
7. and the little wee drummer, we flattened his bow,
and we made a football of his rowdy dow dow,
threw it in the tide for to rock and to roll,
and bade it a tedious returning,
and we havin' no money, paid them off in cracks.
we paid no respect to their two bloody backs,
and we lathered them there like a pair of wet sacks,
and left them for dead in the morning.
8. and so, to conclude and to finish disputes,
we obligingly asked if they wanted recruits,
for we were the lads who would give them hard clouts
and bid them look sharp in the mornin'.
instrumental
9. oh, me and my cousin, one arthur mcbride,
as we went a walkin' down by the seaside,
mark now what followed and what did betide,
for it bein' on christmas mornin'"
"as i went out one morning
to breathe the air around tom paine's,
i spied the fairest damsel
that ever did walk in chains.
i offer'd her my hand,
she took me by the arm.
i knew that very instant,
she meant to do me harm.
""depart from me this moment,""
i told her with my voice.
said she, ""but i don't wish to,""
said i, ""but you have no choice.""
""i beg you, sir,"" she pleaded
from the corners of her mouth,
""i will secretly accept you
and together we'll fly south.""
just then tom paine, himself,
came running from across the field,
shouting at this lovely girl
and commanding her to yield.
and as she was letting go her grip,
up tom paine did run,
""i'm sorry, sir,"" he said to me,
""i'm sorry for what she's done."""
"the falling leaves drift by the window
the autumn leaves of red and gold
i see your lips, the summer kisses
the sun burned hands i used to hold
since you went away the days grow long
and soon i'll hear old winter's song
but i miss you most of all my darling
when autumn leaves start to fall"
"the bells are golden chimes
the sun is going to shine
before this heart of mine
baby ain't that fine
baby ain't that fine
baby ain't that fine
baby ain't that fine
hey, la la la
baby ain't that fine
baby ain't that fine
i get a little bit tingle up and down my spine
i every time you say you're mine
you're gonna be my baby
i'm a gonna be your guy
we're gonna cook some lovin'
it's a gonna sizzle and fry
baby ain't that fine
baby ain't that fine
baby ain't that fine
baby ain't that fine"
"sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna leave my lonesome home
and sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna hear my milk cow moan
and sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna hit the highway road
but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said
oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.
sometimes i'm in the mood, lord, i had my overflowin' fill
sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna make out my final will
sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna head for the walkin' hill
but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said
oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.
sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna lay right down and die
sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna climb up to the sky
sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna laugh until i cry
but then again, i said again, i said again, i said
oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.
sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna sleep in my pony's stall
sometimes i'm in the mood, i ain't gonna do nothin' at all
sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna fly like a cannon ball
but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said
oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.
sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna back up against the wall
sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna run till i have to crawl
sometimes i'm in the mood, i ain't gonna do nothin' at all
but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said
oh babe, i'm in the mood for you.
sometimes i'm in the mood, i wanna change my house around
sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna make a change in this here town
sometimes i'm in the mood, i'm gonna change the world around
but then again, but then again, i said oh, i said oh, i said
oh babe, i'm in the mood for you."
"baby let me follow you down,
baby let me follow you down,
well i'd do anything in this god almighty world
if you just let me follow you down
baby can i come home with you
baby can i come home with you
well i'd do anything in this god almighty world
if you just let me come home with you
i'll buy you a diamond ring
i'll buy you a wedding gown
well i'd do anything in this god almighty world
if you just let me follow you down"
"baby please don't go
baby please don't go
baby please don't go down to new orleans
you know i love you so
baby please don't go
when the man done gone
when the man done gone
when the man done gone down the county farm
he got the shackles on
baby please don't go
don't leave me
i'll be a dog
i'll be a dog
i'll be a dog kiss your way down here
when you walk along
baby please don't go
why must you leave me
lying on my back
going across the other side of the track
found yourself a new man i know
so baby please don't go
baby please don't go
oh please, please don't leave me
i don't want to be left alone baby
oh don't go, don't go, don't go."
"you been down to the bottom with a bad man, babe,
but you're back where you belong.
go get me my pistol, babe,
honey, i can't tell right from wrong.
baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
baby, please stop crying.
you know, i know, the sun will always shine
so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.
go down to the river, babe,
honey, i will meet you there.
go down to the river, babe,
honey, i will pay your fare.
baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
baby, please stop crying.
you know, i know, the sun will always shine
so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.
if you're looking for assistance, babe,
or if you just want some company
or if you just want a friend you can talk to,
honey, come and see about me.
baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
baby, please stop crying.
you know, i know, the sun will always shine
so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.
you been hurt so many times
and i know what you're thinking of.
well, i don't have to be no doctor, babe,
to see that you're madly in love.
baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying
baby, please stop crying.
you know, i know, the sun will always shine
so baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind."
"i once loved a girl, her skin it was bronze.
with the innocence of a lamb, she was gentle like a fawn.
i courted her proudly but now she is gone,
gone as the season she's taken.
through young summer's breeze, i stole her away
from her mother and sister, though close did they stay.
each one of them suffering from the failures of their day,
with strings of guilt they tried hard to guide us.
of the two sisters, i loved the young.
with sensitive instincts, she was the creative one.
the constant scapegoat, she was easily undone
by the jealousy of others around her.
for her parasite sister, i had no respect,
bound by her boredom, her pride to protect.
countless visions of the other she'd reflect
as a crutch for her scenes and her society.
myself, for what i did, i cannot be excused,
the changes i was going through can't even be used,
for the lies that i told her in hopes not to lose
the could be dream lover of my lifetime.
with unknown consciousness, i possessed in my grip
a magnificent mantelpiece, though its heart being chipped,
noticing not that i'd already slipped
to a sin of love's false security.
from silhouetted anger to manufactured peace,
answers of emptiness, voice vacancies,
till the tombstones of damage read me no questions but, ""please,
what's wrong and what's exactly the matter?""
and so it did happen like it could have been foreseen,
the timeless explosion of fantasy's dream.
at the peak of the night, the king and the queen
tumbled all down into pieces.
""the tragic figure!"" her sister did shout,
""leave her alone, god damn you, get out!""
and i in my armor, turning about
and nailing her to the ruins of her pettiness.
beneath a bare light bulb the plaster did pound
her sister and i in a screaming battleground.
and she in between, the victim of sound,
soon shattered as a child 'neath her shadows.
all is gone, all is gone, admit it, take flight.
i gagged twice, doubled, tears blinding my sight.
my mind it was mangled, i ran into the night
leaving all of love's ashes behind me.
the wind knocks my window, the room it is wet.
the words to say i'm sorry, i haven't found yet.
i think of her often and hope whoever she's met
will be fully aware of how precious she is.
ah, my friends from the prison, they ask unto me,
""how good, how good does it feel to be free?""
and i answer them most mysteriously,
""are birds free from the chains of the skyway?"""
"you walk into the room
with your pencil in your hand
you see somebody naked
and you say, ""who is that man?""
you try so hard
but you don't understand
just what you'll say
when you get home
because something is happening here
but you don't know what it is
do you, mister jones?
you raise up your head
and you ask, ""is this where it is?""
and somebody points to you and says
""it's his""
and you say, ""what's mine?""
and somebody else says, ""where what is?""
and you say, ""oh my god
am i here all alone?""
because something is happening here
but you don't know what it is
do you, mister jones?
you hand in your ticket
and you go watch the geek
who immediately walks up to you
when he hears you speak
and says, ""how does it feel
to be such a freak?""
and you say, ""impossible""
as he hands you a bone
because something is happening here
but you don't know what it is
do you, mister jones?
you have many contacts
among the lumberjacks
to get you facts
when someone attacks your imagination
but nobody has any respect
anyway they already expect you
to just give a check
to tax deductible charity organizations
you've been with the professors
and they've all liked your looks
with great lawyers you have
discussed lepers and crooks
you've been through all of
f. scott fitzgerald's books
you're very well read
it's well known
because something is happening here
but you don't know what it is
do you, mister jones?
well, the sword swallower, he comes up to you
and then he kneels
he crosses himself
and then he clicks his high heels
and without further notice
he asks you how it feels
and he says, ""here is your throat back
thanks for the loan""
because something is happening here
but you don't know what it is
do you, mister jones?
now you see this one eyed midget
shouting the word ""now""
and you say, ""for what reason?""
and he says, ""how?""
and you say, ""what does this mean?""
and he screams back, ""you're a cow
give me some milk
or else go home""
because something is happening here
but you don't know what it is
do you, mister jones?
well, you walk into the room
like a camel and then you frown
you put your eyes in your pocket
and your nose on the ground
there ought to be a law
against you comin' around
you should be made
to wear earphones
because something is happening here
but you don't know what it is
do you, mister jones?"
"hollis brown
he lived on the outside of town
hollis brown
he lived on the outside of town
with his wife and five children
and his cabin fallin' down
you looked for work and money
and you walked a rugged mile
you looked for work and money
and you walked a rugged mile
your children are so hungry
that they don't know how to smile
your baby's eyes look crazy
they're a tuggin' at your sleeve
your baby's eyes look crazy
they're a tuggin' at your sleeve
you walk the floor and wonder why
with every breath you breathe
the rats have got your flour
bad blood it got your mare
the rats have got your flour
bad blood it got your mare
if there's anyone that knows
is there anyone that cares?
you prayed to the lord above
oh please send you a friend
you prayed to the lord above
oh please send you a friend
your empty pockets tell yuh
that you ain't a got no friend
your babies are crying louder
it's pounding on your brain
your babies are crying louder now
it's pounding on your brain
your wife's screams are stabbin' you
t.ike the dirty drivin' rain
your grass it is turning black
there's no water in your well
your grass is turning black
there's no water in your well
you spent your last lone dollar
on seven shotgun shells
way out in the wilderness
a cold coyote calls
way out in the wilderness
a cold coyote calls
your eyes fix on the shotgun
that's hangin' on the wall
your brain is a bleedin'
and your legs can't seem to stand
your brain is a bleedin'
and your legs can't seem to stand
your eyes fix on the shotgun
that you're holdin' in your hand
there's seven breezes a blowin'
all around the cabin door
there's seven breezes a blowin'
all around the cabin door
seven shots ring out
like the ocean's pounding roar
there's seven people dead
on a south dakota farm
there's seven people dead
on a south dakota farm
somewhere in the distance
there's seven new people born"
"a tongue can accuse or carry bad news
the seeds of destruction it will sow
so unless you have made no mistakes in your life
be careful of stones that you throw
my neighbor was passin' my garden one time
she smiled and i knew right away
that it was gossip not flowers that she had on her mind
and this is what i heard my neighbor say
""that bad girl down the street
she should be run from our midst
she drinks and she talks quite a lot
she knows not to speak to my child nor to me. ""
my neighbor then smiled and i thought
a tongue can accuse and carry bad news
the seeds of destruction it will sow
so unless you have made no mistakes in your life
be careful of stones that you throw
a car speeded by, the screamin' of brakes
a sound that made my blood chill
for if my neighbor's one child
hadn't been pulled from the path
and saved by a girl i love still
her child was unhurt and my neighbor cried out
""oh, who was that brave girl so sweet? ""
i covered the crushed broken body and said
""that bad girl down the street. ""
a tongue can accuse and carry bad news
the seeds of destruction were sown
so unless you have made no mistakes in your life
be careful of stones that you, you throw"
"one evening for pleasure i rambled to view
the fair fields all alone
down by the banks of loch eiron
where beauty and pleasure were known.
i spied a fair maid at her labour
which caused me to stay for a while
and i thought of a goddess to beauty
bloomin' bright star of bright isle.
i humbled myself to her beauty
""fair maiden, where do you belong ?
are you from heaven descended
abiding in cupid's fair throne ?"".
""young man, i will tell you a secret
it's true i'm a maid that is poor
and to part from my vows and my promise
is more than my heart can endure.
therefore i remain at my service
and go through all my hardship and toil
and wait for the lad that has left me
all alone on the banks of belle isle"".
""young maiden i wish not to banter
it's true i come here in disguise
i came here to fulfill our last promise
and hope to give you a surprise.
i've known you're a maid i love dearly
and you've been in my heart all the while
for me there is no other damsel
than my bloomin' bright star of belle isle""."
"well, the bible tells us about a man
who ruled babylon and all it's land
around the city
well, the bible tells us about a man
who ruled babylon and all it's land
around the city, he built a wall
declared that babylon would never fall
he had and wives
he called his babylon paradise
on his throne he drank and ate
but for belshezaar it was gettin' late
he was weighed in the balance and found wanting
his kingdom was divided, it could not stand
he was weighed in the balance and found wanting
his houses were built upon the sand
well, the people feasted and drank their wine
praised the false gods of their time
holy things they scorned and mocked
suddenly all their mocking stopped
for on the wall, there appeared a hand
nothin' else, there was no man
in blood the hand began to write
and belshezaar couldn't hide his fright
he was weighed in the balance and found wanting
his kingdom was divided, it could not stand
he was weighed in the balance and found wanting
his houses were built upon the sand
well, no one around could understand
just what was written by this mystic hand
belshezaar tried, he couldn't find
a man who could give him some peace of mind
daniel, the prophet, a man of god
he saw the writing on the wall in blood
belshezaar asked him what it said
and daniel turned to the wall and read
you are weighed in the balance and found wanting
your kingdom is divided, it cannot stand
you are weighed in the balance and found wanting
your houses are built upon the sand"
"bessie was more than just a friend of mine
we shared the good times with the bad
now many a year has passed me by
i still recall the best thing i ever had
i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie
oh, see her soon
goin' down the road t' see bessie smith
when i get there i wonder what she'll do
now all the crazy things i had to try
well i tried them all and then some
but if you're lucky one day you find out
where it is you're really comin' from
i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie
oh, see her soon
goin' down the road t' see bessie smith
when i get there i wonder what she'll do
now in my day i've made some foolish moves
but back then, i didn't worry 'bout a thing
and now again i still wonder to myself
was it her sweet love or the way that she could sing
i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie
oh, see her soon
goin' down the road t' see bessie smith
when i get there i wonder what she'll do
there's so much time has gone right on by
i didn't think one could be so wrong
and then one night i was drinkin' and a thinkin'
in the bottom of the glass i could see bessie's face so strong
i'm just goin' down the road t' see bessie
oh, see her soon
goin' down the road t' see bessie smith
when i get there i wonder what she'll do
when she sees me will she know what i've been through?
will old times start to feelin' like new?
when i get there will our love still feel so true?
yet all i have, i'll be a bringin' it to you
oh bessie, sing them old time blues"
"oh well, i love you pretty baby
you're the only love i've ever know
just as long as you stay with me
the whole world is my throw
beyond here lies nothing
nothing we can call our own
well, i'm moving after midnight
down boulevards of broken cars
don't know what i do without it
without this love we call ours
beyond here lies nothing
nothing but the moon and stars
down every street there's a window
and every window made of glass
will keep on loving pretty baby
for as long as love will last
beyond here lies nothing
but the mountains of the past
well, my ship is in the harbor
and the sails are spread
listen to me pretty baby
lay your hand upon my head
beyond here lies nothing
nothing done and nothing said"
"beyond the horizon, behind the sun
at the end of the rainbow life has only begun
in the long hours of twilight 'neath the stardust above
beyond the horizon it is easy to love
i'm touched with desire
what don't i do?
through flame and through fire
i'll build my world around you
beyond the horizon, in the springtime or fall
love waits forever, for one and for all
beyond the horizon, across the divide
'round about midnight, we'll be on the same side
down in the valley the water runs cold
beyond the horizon someone prayed for your soul
my wretched heart is pounding
i felt an angel's kiss
my memories are drowning
in mortal bliss
beyond the horizon, at the end of the game
every step that you take, i'm walking the same
beyond the horizon, the night winds blow
the theme of a melody from many moons ago
the bells of st. mary, how sweetly they chime
beyond the horizon i found you just in time
it's dark and it's dreary
i've been pleading in vain
i'm wounded, i'm weary
my repentance is plain
beyond the horizon o'r the treacherous sea
i still can't believe that you have set aside your love for me
beyond the horizon, 'neath crimson skies
in the soft light of morning i'll follow you with my eyes
through countries and kingdoms and temples of stone
beyond the horizon right down to the bone
it's the right time of the season
somebody there always cared
there's always a reason
why someone's life has been spared
beyond the horizon, the sky is so blue
i've got more than a lifetime to live lovin' you"
"now i taught the weeping willow how to cry
and i showed the clouds how to cover up a clear blue sky
and the tears that i cried for that woman
are gonna flood you big river
then i'm gonna sit right here until i die
i met her accidentally in st. paul and it tore me up every time i heard her drawl, southern drawl
then i heard my dream was back
downstream cavortin' in davenport
and i followed you, big river, when you called
then you took me to st. louis later on a freighter said she's been here but she's gone, boy, she's gone
i found her trail in memphis, but she just walked up the block
she raised a few eyebrows and then she went on down alone
now, won't you batter down by baton rouge, river queen, roll it on
take that woman on down to new orleans, new orleans
go on, i've had enough, dump my blues down in the gulf
she loves you, big river, more than me
now i taught the weeping willow how to cry, cry, cry
and i showed the clouds how to cover up a clear blue sky
and the tears that i cried for that woman are gonna flood you big river
then i'm gonna sit right here until i die"
"they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot
a pink hotel, a boutique and a swinging hot spot
don't it always go to show
you never know what you got till it's gone ?
they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.
they took all the trees, they put them in a tree museum
they charged the people a dollar and a half just to see them
don't it always go to show
you never know what you got till it's gone ?
they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.
hey farmer, farmer, put away that d.d.t
give me spots on my apples but leave me the birds and the bees, please,
don't it always go to show
you never know what you got till it's gone ?
they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.
late last night i heard my screen door slam
a big yellow buldozer took away the house and land
don't it always go to show
you never know what you got till it's gone ?
they paved paradise, they put up a parking lot."
"there's guns across the river about to pound you
there's a lawman on your trail like to surround you
bounty hunters are dancing all around you
billy, they don't like you to be so free.
camping out all night on the veranda
walking in the streets down by the hacienda
up to boot hill the like to send you
billy, don't you turn your back on me.
there's mills inside the minds of crazy faces
bullet holes and rifles in their cases
there is always one more notch in four more aces
billy, and you're playing all alone.
playing around with some sweet signorita
into her dark chamber she will greet you
in the shadows of the maizes she will lead you
billy, and you're going all alone.
they say that pat garrett's got your number
so sleep with one eye open, when you wander
every little sound just might be thunder
thunder from the barrel of his gun.
there's always another stranger sneaking glances
some trigger happy fool willing to take chances
some old whore from san pedro'll make advances
advances on your spirit and your soul.
the businessmen from taos want you to go down
so they've hired mister garrett, he'll force you to slow down
billy, don't let it make you feel so low down
to be hunted by the man who was your friend.
so hang on to your woman, if you got one
remember in el paso once you shot one
i'll be in santa fe about one
billy, you've been running for so long.
gypsy queens will play your grand finale
way down in some tularosa alley
maybe in la rio pecas valley
billy, you're so far away from home
billy, you're so far away from home"
"i woke in the mornin', wand'rin',
wasted and worn out.
i woke in the mornin', wand'rin',
wasted and worn out.
wishin' my long lost lover
will walk to me, talk to me,
tell me what it's all about.
i was standin' at the side road
listenin' to the billboard knock.
standin' at the side road
listenin' to the billboard knock.
well, my wrist was empty
but my nerves were kickin',
tickin' like a clock.
if i got anything you need, babe,
let me tell you in front.
if i got anything you need, babe,
let me tell you in front.
you can come to me sometime,
night time, day time,
any time you want.
sometimes i'm thinkin' i'm
too high to fall.
sometimes i'm thinkin'
i'm too high to fall.
other times i'm thinkin' i'm
so low i don't know
if i can come up at all.
black crows in the meadow
across a broad highway.
black crows in the meadow
across a broad highway.
though it's funny, honey,
i just don't feel much like a
scarecrow today."
"up on the white veranda
she wears a necktie and a panama hat.
her passport shows a face
from another time and place
she looks nothin' like that.
and all the remnants of her recent past
are scattered in the wild wind.
she walks across the marble floor
where a voice from the gambling room is callin' her to come on in.
she smiles, walks the other way
as the last ship sails and the moon fades away
from black diamond bay.
as the mornin' light breaks open, the greek comes down
and he asks for a rope and a pen that will write.
""pardon, monsieur,"" the desk clerk says,
carefully removes his fez,
""am i hearin' you right?""
and as the yellow fog is liftin'
the greek is quickly headin' for the second floor.
she passes him on the spiral staircase
thinkin' he's the soviet ambassador,
she starts to speak, but he walks away
as the storm clouds rise and the palm branches sway
on black diamond bay.
a soldier sits beneath the fan
doin' business with a tiny man who sells him a ring.
lightning strikes, the lights blow out.
the desk clerk wakes and begins to shout,
""can you see anything?""
then the greek appears on the second floor
in his bare feet with a rope around his neck,
while a loser in the gambling room lights up a candle,
says, ""open up another deck.""
but the dealer says, ""attendez vous, s'il vous plait,''
as the rain beats down and the cranes fly away
from black diamond bay.
the desk clerk heard the woman laugh
as he looked around the aftermath and the soldier got tough.
he tried to grab the woman's hand,
said, ""here's a ring, it cost a grand.""
she said, ""that ain't enough.""
then she ran upstairs to pack her bags
while a horse drawn taxi waited at the curb.
she passed the door that the greek had locked,
where a handwritten sign read, ""do not disturb.""
she knocked upon it anyway
as the sun went down and the music did play
on black diamond bay.
""i've got to talk to someone quick!""
but the greek said, ""go away,"" and he kicked the chair to the floor.
he hung there from the chandelier.
she cried, ""help, there's danger near
please open up the door!""
then the volcano erupted
and the lava flowed down from the mountain high above.
the soldier and the tiny man were crouched in the corner
thinking of forbidden love.
but the desk clerk said, ""it happens every day,""
as the stars fell down and the fields burned away
on black diamond bay.
as the island slowly sank
the loser finally broke the bank in the gambling room.
the dealer said, ""it's too late now.
you can take your money, but i don't know how
you'll spend it in the tomb.""
the tiny man bit the soldier's ear
as the floor caved in and the boiler in the basement blew,
while she's out on the balcony, where a stranger tells her,
""my darling, je vous aime beaucoup.""
she sheds a tear and then begins to pray
as the fire burns on and the smoke drifts away
from black diamond bay.
i was sittin' home alone one night in l.a.,
watchin' old cronkite on the seven o'clock news.
it seems there was an earthquake that
left nothin' but a panama hat
and a pair of old greek shoes.
didn't seem like much was happenin',
so i turned it off and went to grab another beer.
seems like every time you turn around
there's another hard luck story that you're gonna hear
and there's really nothin' anyone can say
and i never did plan to go anyway
to black diamond bay."
"black rider, black rider, you've been living too hard
been up all night, have to stay on your guard
the path that you're walking, too narrow to walk
every step of the way, another stumbling block
the road that you're on
same road that you know
just not the same as it was a minute ago
black rider, black rider, you've seen it all
you've seen the great world and you've seen the small
you fell into the fire and you're eating the flame
better seal up your lips if you wanna stay in the game
be reasonable, mister, be honest, be fair
let all of your earthly thoughts be a prayer
black rider, black rider, all dressed in black
i'm walking away, you try to make me look back
my heart is at rest, i'd like to keep it that way
i don't wanna fight, at least not today
go home to your wife, stop visiting mine
one of these days i'll forget to be kind
black rider, black rider
tell me when, tell me how
if there ever was a time, then let it be now
let me go through, open the door
my soul is distressed, my mind is at war
don't hug me, don't flatter me, don't turn on the charm
i'll take a sword and hack off your arm
black rider, black rider, hold it right there
the size of your cock will get you nowhere
i'll suffer in silence, i'll not make a sound
maybe i'll take the high moral ground
some enchanted evening i'll sing you a song
black rider, black rider
you've been on the job too long"
"1. black jack davey come a riden' on back,
a whistlin' loud and merry.
made the woods around him ring,
and he charmed the heart of a lady,
charmed the heart of a lady.
2. ""how old are you, my pretty little miss,
how old are you, my honey""
she answered to him with a lovin' smile
""i'll be sixteen come sunday,
be sixteen come sunday.""
3. ""come and go with me, my pretty little miss,
come and go with me, my honey,
take you where the grass grows green,
you never will want for money
you never will want for money
4. ""pull off, pull off them high heeled shoes
all made of spanish leather.
get behind me on my horse
and we'll ride off together,
we'll both go off together.""
5. well, she pulled off them high heeled shoes
made of spanish leather.
got behind him on his horse
and they rode off together.
they rode off together.
6. at night the boss came home
inquiring about this lady.
the servant spoke before she thought,
""she's been with black jack dave,
rode off with black jack davey.""
7. ""well, saddle for me my coal black stud,
he's speedier than the gray.
i rode all day and i'll ride all night,
and i'll overtake my lady.
i'll bring back my lady.""
8. well, he rode all night till the broad daylight,
till he came to a river ragin',
and there he spied his darlin' bride
in the arms of black jack davey.
wrapped up with black jack davey.
9. ""pull off, pull off them long blue gloves
all made of the finest leather.
give to me your lily white hand
and we'll both go home together.
we'll both go home together.""
10. well, she pulled off them long blue gloves
all made of the finest leather.
gave to him her lily white hand
and said good bye forever.
bid farewell forever.
11. ""would you forsake your house and home,
would you forsake your baby?
would you forsake your husband, too,
to go with black jack davey.
rode off with black jack davey?""
12. ""well, i'll forsake my house and home,
and i'll forsake my baby.
i'll forsake my husband, too,
for the love of black jack davey.
ride off with black jack davey.""
13. ""last night i slept in a feather bed
between my husband and baby.
tonight i lay on the river banks
in the arms of black jack davey,
love my black jack davey."""
"seen the arrow on the doorpost
saying: ""this land is condemned
all the way from new orleans
to jerusalem""
i traveled through east texas
where many martyrs fell
and i know no one can sing the blues
like blind willie mctell
well, i heard the hoot owl singing
as they were taking down the tents
the stars above the barren trees
were his only audience
them charcoal gypsy maidens
can strut their feathers well
but nobody can sing the blues
like blind willie mctell
see them big plantations burning
hear the cracking of the whips
smell that sweet magnolia blooming
 see the ghosts of slavery ships
i can hear them tribes a moaning
 hear the undertaker's bell
 , nobody can sing the blues
like blind willie mctell
there's a woman by the river
with some fine young handsome man
he's dressed up like a squire
bootlegged whiskey in his hand
there's a chain gang on the highway
i can hear them rebels yell
and i know no one can sing the blues
like blind willie mctell
well, god is in heaven
and we all want what's his
but power and greed and corruptible seed
seem to be all that there is
i'm gazing out the window
of the st. james hotel
and i know no one can sing the blues
like blind willie mctell"
"woke up this morning, feeling blue
seen a good lookin' girl, can i make love with you?
hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you
hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you
i got blood in my eyes for you, babe
i don't care what in the world you do
i went back home, put on my tie
gonna get that girl that money that money will buy
hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you
hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you
i got blood in my eyes for you, babe
i don't care what in the world you do
she looked at me, begin to smile
said, ""hey, hey, man, can't you wait a little while?""
no, no, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you
no, no, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you
got blood in my eyes for you, babe
i don't care what in the world you do
no, no, ma'ma, i can't wait
you got my money, now you're trying to break this date
hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you
hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you
i got blood in my eyes for you, babe
i don't care what in the world you do
i tell you something, tell you the facts
you don't want me, give my money back
hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you
hey, hey, babe, i got blood in my eyes for you
i got blood in my eyes for you, babe
i don't care what in the world you do"
"blue moon, you saw me standing alone
without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own.
blue moon, you knew just what i was there for
you heard me saying a prayet for someone i really could care for.
and suddenly there appeared before me the only one my arms could ever hold
i heard someone whisper, ""please, adore me""
and when i looked my moon had turned to gold.
blue moon, now i'm no longer alone
without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own
without a love of my own."
"i was riding on the mayflower
when i thought i spied some land
i yelled for captain arab
i have yuh understand
who came running to the deck
said, ""boys, forget the whale
look on over yonder
cut the engines
change the sail
haul on the bowline""
we sang that melody
like all tough sailors do
when they are far away at sea
""i think i'll call it america""
i said as we hit land
i took a deep breath
i fell down, i could not stand
captain arab he started
writing up some deeds
he said, ""let's set up a fort
and start buying the place with beads""
just then this cop comes down the street
crazy as a loon
he throw us all in jail
for carryin' harpoons
ah me i busted out
don't even ask me how
i went to get some help
i walked by a guernsey cow
who directed me down
to the bowery slums
where people carried signs around
saying, ""ban the bums""
i jumped right into line
sayin', ""i hope that i'm not late""
when i realized i hadn't eaten
for five days straight
i went into a restaurant
lookin' for the cook
i told them i was the editor
of a famous etiquette book
the waitress he was handsome
he wore a powder blue cape
i ordered some suzette, i said
""could you please make that crepe""
just then the whole kitchen exploded
from boilin' fat
food was flying everywhere
and i left without my hat
now, i didn't mean to be nosy
but i went into a bank
to get some bail for arab
and all the boys back in the tank
they asked me for some collateral
and i pulled down my pants
they threw me in the alley
when up comes this girl from france
who invited me to her house
i went, but she had a friend
who knocked me out
and robbed my boots
and i was on the street again
well, i rapped upon a house
with the u.s. flag upon display
i said, ""could you help me out
i got some friends down the way""
the man says, ""get out of here
i'll tear you limb from limb""
i said, ""you know they refused jesus, too""
he said, ""you're not him
get out of here before i break your bones
i ain't your pop""
i decided to have him arrested
and i went looking for a cop
i ran right outside
and i hopped inside a cab
i went out the other door
this englishman said, ""fab""
as he saw me leap a hot dog stand
and a chariot that stood
parked across from a building
advertising brotherhood
i ran right through the front door
like a hobo sailor does
but it was just a funeral parlor
and the man asked me who i was
i repeated that my friends
were all in jail, with a sigh
he gave me his card
he said, ""call me if they die""
i shook his hand and said goodbye
ran out to the street
when a bowling ball came down the road
and knocked me off my feet
a pay phone was ringing
it just about blew my mind
when i picked it up and said hello
this foot came through the line
well, by this time i was fed up
at tryin' to make a stab
at bringin' back any help
for my friends and captain arab
i decided to nip a coin
like either heads or tails
would let me know if i should go
back to ship or back to jail
so i hocked my sailor suit
and i got a coin to flip
it came up tails
it rhymed with sails
so i made it back to the ship
well, i got back and took
the parkin' ticket off the mast
i was ripping it to shreds
when this coastguard boat went past
they asked me my name
and i said, ""captain kidd""
they believed me but
they wanted to know
what exactly that i did
i said for the pope of eruke
i was employed
they let me go right away
they were very paranoid
well, the last i heard of arab
he was stuck on a whale
that was married to the deputy
sheriff of the jail
but the funniest thing was
when i was leavin' the bay
i saw three ships a sailin'
they were all heading my way
i asked the captain what his name was
and how come he didn't drive a truck
he said his name was columbus
i just said, ""good luck."""
"well, the lone ranger and tonto
they are ridin' down the line
fixin' ev'rybody's troubles
ev'rybody's 'cept mine
somebody musta tol' 'em
that i was doin' fine
oh you five and ten cent women
with nothin' in your heads
i got a real gal i'm lovin'
and lord i'll love her till i'm dead
go away from my door and my window too
right now
lord, i ain't goin' down to no race track
see no sports car run
i don't have no sports car
and i don't even care to have one
i can walk anytime around the block
well, the wind keeps a blowin' me
up and down the street
with my hat in my hand
and my boots on my feet
watch out so you don't step on me
well, lookit here buddy
you want to be like me
pull out your six shooter
and rob every bank you can see
tell the judge i said it was all right
yes!"
"while riding on a train goin' west,
i fell asleep for to take my rest.
i dreamed a dream that made me sad,
concerning myself and the first few friends i had.
with half damp eyes i stared to the room
where my friends and i spent many an afternoon,
where we together weathered many a storm,
laughin' and singin' till the early hours of the morn.
by the old wooden stove where our hats was hung,
our words were told, our songs were sung,
where we longed for nothin' and were quite satisfied
talkin' and a jokin' about the world outside.
with haunted hearts through the heat and cold,
we never thought we could ever get old.
we thought we could sit forever in fun
but our chances really was a million to one.
as easy it was to tell black from white,
it was all that easy to tell wrong from right.
and our choices were few and the thought never hit
that the one road we traveled would ever shatter and split.
how many a year has passed and gone,
and many a gamble has been lost and won,
and many a road taken by many a friend,
and each one i've never seen again.
i wish, i wish, i wish in vain,
that we could sit simply in that room again.
ten thousand dollars at the drop of a hat,
i'd give it all gladly if our lives could be like that."
"oh, i'm sailin' away my own true love,
i'm sailin' away in the morning.
is there something i can send you from across the sea,
from the place that i'll be landing?
no, there's nothin' you can send me, my own true love,
there's nothin' i wish to be ownin'.
just carry yourself back to me unspoiled,
from across that lonesome ocean.
oh, but i just thought you might want something fine
made of silver or of golden,
either from the mountains of madrid
or from the coast of barcelona.
oh, but if i had the stars from the darkest night
and the diamonds from the deepest ocean,
i'd forsake them all for your sweet kiss,
for that's all i'm wishin' to be ownin'.
that i might be gone a long time
and it's only that i'm askin',
is there something i can send you to remember me by,
to make your time more easy passin'.
oh, how can, how can you ask me again,
it only brings me sorrow.
the same thing i want from you today,
i would want again tomorrow.
i got a letter on a lonesome day,
it was from her ship a sailin',
saying i don't know when i'll be comin' back again,
it depends on how i'm a feelin'.
well, if you, my love, must think that a way,
i'm sure your mind is roamin'.
i'm sure your heart is not with me,
but with the country to where you're goin'.
so take heed, take heed of the western wind,
take heed of the stormy weather.
and yes, there's something you can send back to me,
spanish boots of spanish leather."
"in the lonely night
in the blinking stardust of a pale blue light
you're comin' thru to me in black and white
when we were made of dreams.
you're blowing down the shaky street,
you're hearing my heart beat
in the record breaking heat
where we were born in time.
bridge #1:
not one more night, not one more kiss,
not this time baby, no more of this,
takes too much skill, takes too much will,
it's revealing.
you came, you saw, just like the law
you married young, just like your ma,
you tried and tried, you made me slide
you left me reelin' with this feelin'.
on the rising curve
where the ways of nature will test every nerve,
you won't get anything you don't deserve
where we were born in time.
bridge #2:
you pressed me once, you pressed me twice,
you hang the flame, you'll pay the price,
oh babe, that fire
is still smokin'.
you were snow, you were rain
you were striped, you were plain,
oh babe, truer words
have not been spoken or broken.
in the hills of mystery,
in the foggy web of destiny,
you can have what's left of me,
where we were born in time."
"one, two, a one two threeâ€¦
in the lonely night
in the shadows of a pale moonlight
i think of you in black and white
when we were made of dreams.
i walk alone through the shakin' street,
iâ€™m a listenin' to my heart beat
in the record breaking heat
where we were born in time.
not one more night, not one more kiss,
not this time, i'll have no more of this.
it's much too cruel, it's much too cool, way too revealing.
you came, you saw, just like the law
you married young, just like your ma,
oh babe, how you left me reelin' with this feelin'.
up on the rising curve
where the ways of nature will test every nerve,
i held you close and got what i deserve
where we were born in time.
you pressed me once, pressed me twice,
you hang the flame, but you'll pay the price.
oh babe, and that fire is still smokin'.
you were snow, you were rain
you were striped, lord and you were plain,
oh babe, truer words have never been spoken or broken.
in the hills of mystery,
in the foggy web of destiny,
you can have what's left of me,
where we were born in time."
"1. feel like a broke down engine, ain't got no drivin' wheel,
feel like a broke down engine, ain't got no drivin' wheel.
you all been down and lonesome, you know just how a poor man feels.
2. been shooting craps and gambling, momma, and i done got broke,
been shooting craps and gambling, momma, and i done got broke,
i done pawned my pistol, baby, my best clothes been sold.
lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord,
lordy, lord.
3. i went down in my praying ground, fell on my bended knees,
i went down in my praying ground, fell on my bended knees,
i ain't cryin' for no religion, lord, give me back my good gal please.
4. if you give me back my baby, i won't worry you no more,
give me back my baby, i won't worry you no more,
don't have to put her in my house, lordy, just lead her to my door.
lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord, lordy, lord,
lordy, lord.
5. can't you hear me, baby, rappin' on your door?
can't you hear me, baby, rappin' on your door?
now you hear me tappin', tappin' across your floor.
6. feel like a broke down engine, ain't got no drive at all,
feel like a broke down engine, ain't got no drive at all.
what make me love my woman, she can really do the georgia crawl.
7. feel like a broke down engine, ain't got no whistle or bell,
feel like a broke down engine, ain't got no whistle or bell,
if you're a real hot momma, come take away daddy's weeping spell."
"well, there was this movie i seen one time,
about a man riding 'cross the desert and it starred gregory peck.
he was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself.
the townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.
well, the marshal, now he beat that kid to a bloody pulp
as the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath.
turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square,
i want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death.
well, i keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a rolling in
and you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain.
you know i can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart.
the memory of you keeps callin' after me like a rollin' train.
i can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert
in your busted down ford and your platform heels
i could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet
ah, but you were right. it was perfect as i got in behind the wheel.
well, we drove that car all night into san anton'
and we slept near the alamo, your skin was so tender and soft.
way down in mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back.
i would have gone on after you but i didn't feel like letting my head get blown off.
well, we're drivin' this car and the sun is comin' up over the rockies,
now i know she ain't you but she's here and she's got that dark rhythm in her soul.
but i'm too over the edge and i ain't in the mood anymore to remember the times when i was your only man
and she don't want to remind me. she knows this car would go out of control.
brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above
brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.
well, we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards amarillo
we pulled up where henry porter used to live. he owned a wreckin' lot outside of town about a mile.
ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes, she had her red hair tied back. she saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust.
she said, ""henry ain't here but you can come on in, he'll be back in a little while.""
then she told us how times were tough and about how she was thinkin' of bummin' a ride back to where she started.
but ya know, she changed the subject every time money came up.
she said, ""welcome to the land of the living dead."" you could tell she was so broken hearted.
she said, ""even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt.""
""how far are y'all going?"" ruby asked us with a sigh.
""we're going all the way 'til the wheels fall off and burn,
'til the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies.""
ruby just smiled and said, ""ah, you know some babies never learn.""
something about that movie though, well i just can't get it out of my head
but i can't remember why i was in it or what part i was supposed to play.
all i remember about it was gregory peck and the way people moved
and a lot of them seemed to be lookin' my way.
brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above
brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.
well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour.
i was crossin' the street when shots rang out.
i didn't know whether to duck or to run, so i ran.
""we got him cornered in the churchyard,"" i heard somebody shout.
well, you saw my picture in the corpus christi tribune. underneath it, it said, ""a man with no alibi.""
you went out on a limb to testify for me, you said i was with you.
then when i saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears,
it was the best acting i saw anybody do.
now i've always been the kind of person that doesn't like to trespass but sometimes you just find yourself over the line.
oh if there's an original thought out there, i could use it right now.
you know, i feel pretty good, but that ain't sayin' much. i could feel a whole lot better,
if you were just here by my side to show me how.
well, i'm standin' in line in the rain to see a movie starring gregory peck,
yeah, but you know it's not the one that i had in mind.
he's got a new one out now, i don't even know what it's about
but i'll see him in anything so i'll stand in line.
brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above
brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love.
you know, it's funny how things never turn out the way you had 'em planned.
the only thing we knew for sure about henry porter is that his name wasn't henry porter.
and you know there was somethin' about you baby that i liked that was always too good for this world
just like you always said there was something about me you liked that i left behind in the french quarter.
strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content.
i don't have any regrets, they can talk about me plenty when i'm gone.
you always said people don't do what they believe in, they just do what's most convenient, then they repent.
and i always said, ""hang on to me, baby, and let's hope that the roof stays on.""
there was a movie i seen one time, i think i sat through it twice.
i don't remember who i was or where i was bound.
all i remember about it was it starred gregory peck, he wore a gun and he was shot in the back.
seems like a long time ago, long before the stars were torn down.
brownsville girl with your brownsville curls, teeth like pearls shining like the moon above
brownsville girl, show me all around the world, brownsville girl, you're my honey love."
"buckets of rain
buckets of tears
got all them buckets comin' out of my ears.
buckets of moonbeams in my hand,
you got all the love, honey baby,
i can stand.
i been meek
and hard like an oak
i seen pretty people disappear like smoke.
friends will arrive, friends will disappear,
if you want me, honey baby,
i'll be here.
like your smile
and your fingertips
like the way that you move your lips.
i like the cool way you look at me,
everything about you is bringing me
misery.
little red wagon
little red bike
i ain't no monkey but i know what i like.
i like the way you love me strong and slow,
i'm takin' you with me, honey baby,
when i go.
life is sad
life is a bust
all ya can do is do what you must.
you do what you must do and ya do it well,
i'll do it for you, honey baby,
can't you tell?"
"words and music by bob dylan
by and by, i'm breathin' a lover's sigh
while i'm sittin' on my watch so i can be on time
i'm singin' love's praises with sugar coated rhyme
by and by, on you i'm castin' my eye
i'm paintin' the town, swingin' my partner around
well i know who i can depend on, i know who to trust
i'm watchin' the road, i'm studyin' the dust
i'm paintin' the town, makin' my last go round
well i'm scufflin' and i'm shufflin' and i'm walkin' on briars
i'm not even aquainted with my own desires
i'm rollin' slow, i'm doin' all i know
i'm tellin' myself i've found true happiness
that i still got a dream that hasn't been repossessed
i'm rollin' slow goin' where the wild roses grow
well, the future for me is already a thing of the past
you were my first love and you will be my last
papa gone mad, mama she's feelin' sad
well, i'm gonna baptize you in fire so you can sin no more
i wanna establish my rule through civil war
gonna make you see just how loyal and true a man can be"
"i'm goin' down south,
'neath the borderline.
i'm goin' down south,
'neath the borderline.
some fat momma
kissed my mouth one time.
well, i needed it this morning
without a shadow of doubt.
my suitcase is packed,
my clothes are hangin' out.
san francisco's fine,
you sure get lots of sun.
san francisco is fine.
you sure get lots of sun.
but i'm used to four seasons,
california's got but one.
well, i got my dark sunglasses,
i got for good luck my black tooth.
i got my dark sunglasses,
and for good luck i got my black tooth.
don't ask me nothin' about nothin',
i just might tell you the truth."
"well, i walked all night long
listenin' to them church bells tone
yes, i walked all night long
listenin' to them church bells tone
either someone needing mercy
or maybe something i've done wrong
well, your friends come by for you
i don't know what to say
well, your friends come by for you
i don't know what to say
i just can't face up to tell 'em
honey, you just went away
well, children cry for mother
i tell them, ""mother took a trip""
well, children cry for mother
i tell them, ""mother took a trip""
well, i walk on pins and needles
i hope my tongue don't slip
well, i gaze at passing strangers
in case i might see you
yes, i gaze at passing strangers
in case i might see you
but the sun goes around the heavens
and another day just drives on through
way out in the distance
i know you're with some other man
way out in the distance
i know you're with some other man
but that's alright, baby
you know i always understand
call girls in the doorway
all giving me the eye
call girls in the doorway
all giving me the eye
but my heart's just not in it
i might as well pass right on by
my ears are ringin'
ringin' like empty shells
my ears are ringin'
ringin' like empty shells
well, it can't be no guitar player
it must be convent bells"
"he sits in your room, his tomb, with a fist full of tacks
preoccupied with his vengeance
cursing the dead that can't answer him back
i'm sure that he has no intentions
of looking your way, unless it's to say
that he needs you to test his inventions.
can you please crawl out your window?
use your arms and legs it won't ruin you
how can you say he will haunt you?
you can go back to him any time you want to.
he looks so truthful, is this how he feels
trying to peel the moon and expose it
with his businesslike anger and his bloodhounds that kneel
if he needs a third eye he just grows it
he just needs you to talk or to hand him his chalk
or pick it up after he throws it.
can you please crawl out your window?
use your arms and legs it won't ruin you
how can you say he will haunt you?
you can go back to him any time you want to.
why does he look so righteous while your face is so changed
are you frightened of the box you keep him in
while his genocide fools and his friends rearrange
their religion of the little ten women
that backs up their views but your face is so bruised
come on out the dark is beginning.
can you please crawl out your window?
use your arms and legs it won't ruin you
how can you say he will haunt you?
you can go back to him any time you want to."
"oh the evening train is rolling
all along the homeward way
all my hopes are over the horizon
all my dreams have gone away
the hillside darkly shaded
stars fall from above
all the joys of earth have faded
the night's untouched by love
i'll be here 'til tomorrow
beneath a shroud of grey
i pretend i'm free of sorrow
my heart is miles away
the dead bells are ringing
my train is overdue
to your memory i'm clinging
i can't escape from you
well i hear the sound of thunder
roaring loud and long
sometimes you've got to wonder
god knows i've done no wrong
you've wasted all your power
you threw out the christmas pie
now you're withering like a flower
you'll play the fool and die
i'm neither sad nor sorry
i'm all dressed up in black
i fought for fame and glory
you tried to break my back
in the far off sweet forever
the sunshine peeking through
we should have walked together
i can't escape from you
i cannot grasp the shadows
that gather near the door
rain falls round my window
i wish i'd seen you more
the path is ever winding
the stars they never age
the morning light is blinding
all the world's a stage
should be the time of gladness
happy faces everywhere
the mystery of madness
is propagating in the air
i don't like the city
not like some folks do
isn't it a pity
i can't escape from you
we ploughed the fields of heaven
right down to the end
i hope i can be forgiven
if any words of mine offend
all our days were splendid
they were simple, they were plain
it never should have ended
i should have kissed you in the rain
i've been thinking things all over
all the moments full of grace
the primrose and the clover
your ever changing face
can't help looking at you
you made love with god knows who
never found a girl to match you
i can't escape from you"
"wise men say, only fools rush in
but i can't help falling in love with you
shall i stay, will it be a sin
if i can't help falling in love with you ?
like a river flows surely to the sea
darling, so it goes, some things were meant to be
take my hand, take my whole life too
for i can't help falling in love with you."
"i can't wait, wait for you to change your mind
it's late; i'm trying to walk the line
well it's way past midnight and there are people all around
some on their way up, some on their way down
the air burns and i'm trying to think straight
and i don't know how much longer i can wait
i'm your man; i'm trying to recover the sweet love that we knew
you understand that my heart can't go on beating without you
well, your loveliness has wounded me, i'm reeling from the blow
i wish i knew what it was keeps me loving you so
i'm breathing hard, standing at the gate
but i don't know how much longer i can wait
skies are grey, i'm looking for anything that will bring a happy glow
night or day, it doesn't matter where i go anymore; i just go
if i ever saw you coming i don't know what i would do
i'd like to think i could control myself, but it isn't true
that's how it is when things disintegrate
and i don't know how much longer i can wait
i'm doomed to love you, i've been rolling through stormy weather
i'm thinking of you and all the places we could roam together
it's mighty funny; the end of time has just begun
oh, honey, after all these years you're still the one
while i'm strolling through the lonely graveyard of my mind
i left my life with you somewhere back there along the line
i thought somehow that i would be spared this fate
but i don't know how much longer i can wait."
"1. well, it's all of fair and handsome girl,
she's all in her tender years.
she fell in love with a sailor boy,
it's true she loved him well.
for to go off to sea with him
like she did not know how,
she longed to see that seaport town
of canadee i o.
2. so she bargained with the sailor boy,
all for a piece of gold.
straightaway then he led her
down into the hold,
sayin', ""i'll dress you up in sailor's clothes,
your jacket shall be blue.
you'll see that seaport town
of canadee i o.
3. now, when the other sailors heard the news,
well, they fell into a rage,
and with all the ship's company
they were willing to engage.
saying, ""we'll tie her hands and feet, my boys,
overboard we'll throw her.
she'll never see that seaport town
called canadee i o.
4. now, when the captain he heard the news,
well, he too fell in a rage,
and with the whole ship's company
he was willing to engage,
sayin', ""she'll stay in sailor's clothes,
her color shall be blue,
she'll see that seaport town
call canadee i o.
5. now, when they come down to canada
scarcely 'bout half a year,
she's married this bold captain
who called her his dear.
she's dressed in silks and satins now,
she cuts a gallant show,
finest of the ladies
down canadee i o.
6. come, all you fair and tender girls,
wheresoever you may be,
i'd have you to follow your own true love
whene'er he goes to sea.
for if the sailors prove false to you,
well, the captain, he might prove true.
you'll see the honor i have gained
by the wearing of the blue."
"she was the rose of sharon from paradise lost
from the city of seven hills near the place of the cross.
i was playing a show in miami in the theater of divine comedy.
told about jesus, told about the rain,
she told me about the jungle where her brothers were slain
by a man who danced on the roof of the embassy.
was she a child or a woman, i can't say which
from one to another she could to easily switch
we went into the wall to where the long arm of the law could not reach.
could i been used and played as a pawn?
it certainly was possible as the g** night wore on
where men bathed in perfume and celebrated free speech.
and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico
fanning the flames in the furnace of desire
and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free,
bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.
she looked into my soul through the clothes that i wore
she said, ""we got a mutual friend over by the door,
and you know he's got our best interest in mind.""
he was well connected but her heart was a snare
and she had left him to die in there,
there were payments due and he was a little behind.
the cry of the peacock, flies buzz my head,
ceiling fan broken, there's a heat in my bed,
street band playing ""nearer my god to thee.""
we met at the steeple where the mission bells ring,
she said, ""i know what you're thinking, but there ain't a thing
you can do about it, so let us just agree to agree.""
and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico
fanning the flames in the furnace of desire
and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free,
bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.
atlantic city by the cold grey sea
i hear a voice crying, ""daddy,"" i always think it's for me,
but it's only the silence in the buttermilk hills that call.
every new messenger brings evil report
'bout armies on the march and time that is short
and famines and earthquakes and hatred written upon walls.
would i have married her? i don't know, i suppose.
she had bells in her braids and they hung to her toes
but i kept hearing my name and i had to be movin' on.
i saw screws break loose, saw the devil pound tin,
i saw a house in the country being torn from within.
i heard my ancestors calling from the land far beyond.
and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico
fanning the flames in the furnace of desire
and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free,
bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire."
"the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down.
the cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down.
he got his big bushy tail dragging all over the ground.
the cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep.
cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep.
she ain't hearing a thing, the silence is a stickin' her deep.
bridge #1:
the cat's in the well and grief is showing its face
the world's being slaughtered and it's such a bloody disgrace.
the cat's in the well, the horse is going bumpety bump.
the cat's in the well, and the horse is going bumpety bump.
back alley sally is doing the american jump.
bridge #2:
the cat's in the well, and pappa is reading the news.
his hair is falling out and all of his daughters need shoes.
the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull
the cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull
the night is so long and the table is oh, so full
bridge #3:
the cat's in the well and the servant is at the door.
the drinks are ready and the dogs are going to war.
the cat's in the well, the leaves are starting to fall
the cat's in the well, leaves are starting to fall
goodnight, my love, may the lord have mercy on us all."
"lazy stadium night
catfish on the mound.
""strike three,"" the umpire said,
batter have to go back and sit down.
catfish, million dollar man,
nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.
used to work on mr. finley's farm
but the old man wouldn't pay
so he packed his glove and took his arm
an' one day he just ran away.
catfish, million dollar man,
nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.
come up where the yankees are,
dress up in a pinstripe suit,
smoke a custom made cigar,
wear an alligator boot.
catfish, million dollar man,
nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.
carolina born and bred,
love to hunt the little quail.
got a hundred acre spread,
got some huntin' dogs for sale.
catfish, million dollar man,
nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.
reggie jackson at the plate
seein' nothin' but the curve,
swing too early or too late
got to eat what catfish serve.
catfish, million dollar man,
nobody can throw the ball like catfish can.
even billy martin grins
when the fish is in the game.
every season twenty wins
gonna make the hall of fame.
catfish, million dollar man,
nobody can throw the ball like catfish can."
"i got a woman in morocco
i got a woman in spain
woman that's done stole my heart
she lives up in champaign
i say champaign, champaign, illinois
i certainly do enjoy champaign, illinois
the first time that i went there
they treated me so fine
man alive, i'm telling you
i thought the whole darn town was mine
up in champaign
i say champaign, champaign, illinois
i certainly do enjoy champaign, illinois
well, i didn't have a home on friday
and on a saturday too
man alive, i'm telling you
they'll know just what to do up in champaign, illinois
up in champaign
i say champaign, champaign, illinois
i certainly do enjoy champaign, illinois
well, i've been a whole lotta places
there's nothin' i ain't done
but when it comes to women, boy
i got only one
she's up in champaign
i say champaign, champaign, illinois
yes, i certainly do enjoy champaign, illinois"
"sixteen years,
sixteen banners united over the field
where the good shepherd grieves.
desperate men, desperate women divided,
spreading their wings 'neath the falling leaves.
fortune calls.
i stepped forth from the shadows, to the marketplace,
merchants and thieves, hungry for power, my last deal gone down.
she's smelling sweet like the meadows where she was born,
on midsummer's eve, near the tower.
the cold blooded moon.
the captain waits above the celebration
sending his thoughts to a beloved maid
whose ebony face is beyond communication.
the captain is down but still believing that his love will be repaid.
they shaved her head.
she was torn between jupiter and apollo.
a messenger arrived with a black nightingale.
i seen her on the stairs and i couldn't help but follow,
follow her down past the fountain where they lifted her veil.
i stumbled to my feet.
i rode past destruction in the ditches
with the stitches still mending 'neath a heart shaped tattoo.
renegade priests and treacherous young witches
were handing out the flowers that i'd given to you.
the palace of mirrors
where dog soldiers are reflected,
the endless road and the wailing of chimes,
the empty rooms where her memory is protected,
where the angels' voices whisper to the souls of previous times.
she wakes him up
forty eight hours later, the sun is breaking
near broken chains, mountain laurel and rolling rocks.
she's begging to know what measures he now will be taking.
he's pulling her down and she's clutching on to his long golden locks.
gentlemen, he said,
i don't need your organization, i've shined your shoes,
i've moved your mountains and marked your cards
but eden is burning, either brace yourself for elimination
or else your hearts must have the courage for the changing of the guards.
peace will come
with tranquility and splendor on the wheels of fire
but will bring us no reward when her false idols fall
and cruel death surrenders with its pale ghost retreating
between the king and the queen of swords."
"far between sundown's finish an' midnight's broken toll
we ducked inside the doorway, thunder crashing
as majestic bells of bolts struck shadows in the sounds
seeming to be the chimes of freedom flashing
flashing for the warriors whose strength is not to fight
flashing for the refugees on the unarmed road of flight
an' for each an' ev'ry underdog soldier in the night
an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.
through the city's melted furnace, unexpectedly we watched
with faces hidden while the walls were tightening
as the echo of the wedding bells before the blowin' rain
dissolved into the bells of the lightning
tolling for the rebel, tolling for the rake
tolling for the luckless, the abandoned an' forsaked
tolling for the outcast, burnin' constantly at stake
an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.
through the mad mystic hammering of the wild ripping hail
the sky cracked its poems in naked wonder
that the clinging of the church bells blew far into the breeze
leaving only bells of lightning and its thunder
striking for the gentle, striking for the kind
striking for the guardians and protectors of the mind
an' the unpawned painter behind his rightful time
an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.
in the wild cathedral evening the rain unraveled tales
for the disrobed faceless forms of no position
tolling for the tongues with no place to bring their thoughts
all down in taken for granted situations
tolling for the deaf an' blind, tolling for the mute
for the mistreated, mateless mother, the mistitled prostitute
for the misdemeanor outlaw, chased an' cheated by pursuit
an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.
even though a cloud's white curtain in a far off corner flashed
an' the hypnotic splattered mist was slowly lifting
electric light still struck like arrows, fired but for the ones
condemned to drift or else be kept from drifting
tolling for the searching ones, on their speechless, seeking trail
for the lonesome hearted lovers with too personal a tale
an' for each unharmful, gentle soul misplaced inside a jail
an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.
starry eyed an' laughing as i recall when we were caught
trapped by no track of hours for they hanged suspended
as we listened one last time an' we watched with one last look
spellbound an' swallowed 'til the tolling ended
tolling for the aching ones whose wounds cannot be nursed
for the countless confused, accused, misused, strung out ones an' worse
an' for every hung up person in the whole wide universe
an' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing."
"everybody wants to know why he couldn't adjust
adjust to what, a dream that bust?
he was a clean cut kid
but they made a killer out of him,
that's what they did
they said what's up is down, they said what isn't is
they put ideas in his head he thought were his
he was a clean cut kid
but they made a killer out of him,
that's what they did
he was on the baseball team, he was in the marching band
when he was ten years old he had a watermelon stand
he was a clean cut kid
but they made a killer out of him,
that's what they did
he went to church on sunday, he was a boy scout
for his friends he would turn his pockets inside out
he was a clean cut kid
but they made a killer out of him,
that's what they did
they said, ""listen boy, you're just a pup""
they sent him to a napalm health spa to shape up
they gave him dope to smoke, drinks and pills,
a jeep to drive, blood to spill
they said ""congratulations, you got what it takes""
they sent him back into the rat race without any brakes
he was a clean cut kid
but they made a killer out of him,
that's what they did
he bought the american dream but it put him in debt
the only game he could play was russian roulette
he drank coca cola, he was eating wonder bread,
ate burger kings, he was well fed
he went to hollywood to see peter o'toole
he stole a rolls royce and drove it in a swimming pool
they took a clean cut kid
and they made a killer out of him,
that's what they did
he could've sold insurance, owned a restaurant or bar
could've been an accountant or a tennis star
he was wearing boxing gloves, took a dive one day
off the golden gate bridge into china bay
his mama walks the floor, his daddy weeps and moans
they gotta sleep together in a home they don't own
they took a clean cut kid
and they made a killer out of him,
that's what they did
well, everybody's asking why he couldn't adjust
all he ever wanted was somebody to trust
they took his head and turned it inside out
he never did know what it was all about
he had a steady job, he joined the choir
he never did plan to walk the high wire
they took a clean cut kid
and they made a killer out of him,
that's what they did"
"after a while we took in the clothes,
nobody said very much.
just some old wild shirts and a couple pairs of pants
which nobody really wanted to touch.
mama come in and picked up a book
an' papa asked her what it was.
someone else asked, ""what do you care?""
papa said, ""well, just because.""
then they started to take back their clothes,
hang 'em on the line.
it was january the thirtieth
and everybody was feelin' fine.
the next day everybody got up
seein' if the clothes were dry.
the dogs were barking, a neighbor passed,
mama, of course, she said, ""hi!""
""have you heard the news?"" he said, with a grin,
""the vice president's gone mad!""
""where?"" ""downtown."" ""when?"" ""last night.""
""hmm, say, that's too bad!""
""well, there's nothin' we can do about it,"" said the neighbor,
""it's just somethin' we're gonna have to forget.""
""yes, i guess so,"" said ma,
then she asked me if the clothes was still wet.
i reached up, touched my shirt,
and the neighbor said, ""are those clothes yours?""
i said, ""some of 'em, not all of 'em.""
he said, ""ya always help out around here with the chores?""
i said, ""sometime, not all the time.""
then my neighbor, he blew his nose
just as papa yelled outside,
""mama wants you t' come back in the house and bring them clothes.""
well, i just do what i'm told,
so, i did it, of course.
i went back in the house and mama met me
and then i shut all the doors."
"everytime my baby and me go up town
police come and they knock me down
cocaine all around my brain
hey baby, better come here quick.
this old cocaine is making me sick.
cocaine all around my brain.
yonder comes by baby, she's dressed in red
she's got a shot gun, says she's gonna kill me dead.
cocaine all around my brain
hey baby, better come here quick.
this old cocaine is making me sick.
cocaine all around my brain.
early one morning, half past four
cocaine came knockin' on my door.
cocaine all around my brain
hey baby, you better come here quick.
this old cocaine is making me sick.
cocaine all around my brain.
cocaine's for horses and it's not for men
doctor said it kill you, but he don't say when.
cocaine all around my brain.
hey baby, you better come here quick.
this old cocaine is making me sick.
cocaine all around my brain."
"i'm beginning to hear voices and there's no one around
well, i'm all used up and the fields have turned brown
i went to church on sunday and she passed by
my love for her is taking such a long time to die
i'm waist deep, waist deep in the mist
it's almost like, almost like i don't exist
i'm twenty miles out of town, in cold irons bound
the walls of pride are high and wide
can't see over to the other side
it's such a sad thing to see beauty decay
it's sadder still, to feel your heart torn away
one look at you and i'm out of control
like the universe has swallowed me whole
i'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound
there's too many people, too many to recall
i thought some of 'm were friends of mine; i was wrong about 'm all
well, the road is rocky and the hillside's mud
up over my head nothing but clouds of blood
i found my world, found my world in you
but your love just hasn't proved true
i'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound
twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound
oh, the winds in chicago have torn me to shreds
reality has always had too many heads
some things last longer than you think they will
there are some kind of things you can never kill
it's you and you only, i'm been thinking about
but you can't see in and it's hard lookin' out
i'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound
well the fats in the fire and the water's in the tank
the whiskey's in the jar and the money's in the bank
i tried to love and protect you because i cared
i'm gonna remember forever the joy that we shared
looking at you and i'm on my bended knee
you have no idea what you do to me
i'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound
twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound"
"i'm beginnin' to hear voices and there's no one around
well i'm all used up and the fields have turned brown
i went to church on sunday, she passed by
well my love for her has taken such a long time to die.
well, i'm waist deep, waist deep in the mist
it's almost like, almost like i don't exist.
i'm twenty miles out of town, cold irons bound.
well, the walls of pride, well they're high and they're wide
can't see over to the other side
it's such a sad thing to see beauty decay
but it's sadder still to feel your heart turn away.
one look at you and i'm out of control
like the universe has swallowed me whole.
i'm twenty miles out of town and cold irons bound.
there's too many people, too many to recall
i thought some of 'em were friends of mine, i was wrong about 'em all
well, the road is rocky and the hillside mud
up over my head, nothing but clouds of blood.
i found my world, found my world in you
but your love just hasn't proved true.
i'm twenty miles out of town and cold irons bound
twenty miles out of town and cold irons bound.
well the winds in chicago ah, they torn me to shreds
reality has always had too many heads
i tried to love and protect you because i care
i'm gonna remember forever the joy we've shared
i'm looking at you and i'm on my bended knee
you've no idea what you did to me
i'm twenty miles out of town and cold irons bound
twenty miles out of town and cold irons bound."
"come all ye fair and tender ladies
be careful how you court young men
they're like a star on a summer's morning
they'll first appear and then they're gone
they'll tell you some loving story
they'll declare to you their love is true
then they will go and court some other
and that's the love they have for you
do you remember our days of courting
when your head lay upon my breast
you could make me believe with falling of your arm
that the sun rose in the west
i wish i was a little sparrow
and i had wings with which to fly
right over to see my false true lover
and when he's talking i'd be nigh
but i'm not a little sparrow
i have no wings with which to fly
so i sit here in grief and sorrow
to weep and pass my troubles by
if i had known before i courted
that love was such a killing thing
i'd a locked my heart in a box of golden
and fastened it up with a silver pin"
"i'm gonna love you, like nobody's loved you
come rain or come shine
high as a mountain, deep as a river
come rain or come shine
i guess when you met me
it was just one of those things
but don't ever bet me
'cause i'm gonna be true if you let me
you're gonna love me, like nobody's loved me
come rain or come shine
happy together, unhappy together
now won't that be fine
the days may be cloudy or sunny
we're in or we're out of the money
but i'm with you always
i'm with you rain or shine"
"and i'm a fool
each star's a pool of water, cool clear water
but with the dawn i'll wake and yawn
and carry on to water
cool, clear water
the shadows sway and seem to say
""tonight we pray for water
cool, clear water. ""
and way up there he'll hear our prayer
and show us where there's water
cool, clear water
keep a movin', dan, don't you listen to him, dan
he's a devil not a man
and he spreads the burning sand with water
dan, can you see that big green tree
where the water's running free
and it's waiting there for you and me
cool, clear water
dan's feet are sore, he's yearning for
just one thing more than water
cool, clear water
like me, i guess, he'd like to rest
where there's no quest for water
cool, clear water"
"get you a copper kettle, get you a copper coil,
fill it with new made corn mash and never more you'll toil.
you'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright,
watch them jugs a filling
in the pale moonlight.
build you a fire with hickory, hickory, ash and oak,
don't use no green or rotten wood; they'll get you by the smoke.
we'll just lay there by the juniper... etc.
my daddy, he made whiskey; my granddaddy, he did too.
we ain't paid no whiskey tax since 1792.
we just lay there by the juniper... etc."
"corrina, corrina
gal, where you been so long?
corrina, corrina
gal, where you been so long?
i been worr'in' 'bout you, baby
baby, please come home
i got a bird that whistles,
i got a bird that sings.
i got a bird that whistles,
i got a bird that sings.
but i ain' a got corrina,
life don't mean a thing.
corrina, corrina,
gal, you're on my mind.
corrina, corrina,
gal, you're on my mind.
i'm a thinkin' 'bout you, baby,
i just can't keep from crying."
"just like old saxophone joe
when he's got the hogshead up on his toe
oh me, oh my
love that country pie
listen to the fiddler play
when he's playin' 'til the break of day
oh me, oh my
love that country pie
raspberry, strawberry, lemon and lime
what do i care?
blueberry, apple, cherry, pumpkin and plum
call me for dinner, honey, i'll be there
saddle me up my big white goose
tie me on 'er and turn her loose
oh me, oh my
love that country pie
i don't need much and that ain't no lie
ain't runnin' any race
give to me my country pie
i won't throw it up in anybody's face
shake me up that old peach tree
little jack horner's got nothin' on me
oh me, oh my
love that country pie"
"covenant woman got a contract with the lord
way up yonder, great will be her reward.
covenant woman, shining like a morning star,
i know i can trust you to stay where you are.
and i just got to tell you
i do intend
to stay closer than any friend.
i just got to thank you
once again
for making your prayers known
unto heaven for me
and to you, always, so grateful
i will forever be.
i've been broken, shattered like an empty cup.
i'm just waiting on the lord to rebuild and fill me up
and i know he will do it 'cause he's faithful and he's true,
he must have loved me so much to send me someone as fine as you.
and i just got to tell you
i do intend
to stay closer than any friend.
i just got to thank you
once again
for making your prayers known
unto heaven for me
and to you, always, so grateful
i will forever be.
covenant woman, intimate little girl
who knows those most secret things of me that are
hidden from the world.
you know we are strangers in a land we're passing
through.
i'll always be right by your side, i've got a covenant too.
and i just got to tell you
i do intend
to stay closer than any friend.
i just got to thank you
once again
for making your prayers known
unto heaven for me
and to you, always, so grateful
i will forever be."
"i cross the green mountain
i sit by the stream
heaven blazing in my head i
i dreamt a monsterous dream
something came up
out of the sea
swept through the land of
the rich and the free
i look into the eyes
of my merciful friend
and then i ask myself
is this the end?
memories linger
sad yet sweet
and i think of the souls in heaven who will be
alters are burning
the flames far and wide
the fool has crossed over
from the other side
they tip their caps
from the top of the hill
you can feel them come
all brave blood do spill
along the dim
atlantic line
the rapper's land
lasts for miles behind
the lights coming foreward
and the streets are broad
all must yield
to the avenging god
the world is old
the world is great
lessons of life
can't be learned in a day
i watch and i wait
and i listen while i stand
to the music that comes
from a far better land
close the eyes
of our captain
peace may he know
his long night is done
the great leader is laid low
he was ready to fall
he was quick to defend
killed outright he was
by his own men
it's the last day's last hour
of the last happy year
i feel that the unknown
the world is so dear
pride will vanish
and glory will rot
but virtue lives
and cannot be forgot
the bells
of evening have rung
there's blasphemy
on the end of the tongue
let them say that i walked
in fair nature's light
and that i was loyal
to truth and to right
serve god and meet your full
look upward beyond
beyond the darkness that masks
the surprises of dawn
in the deep green grasses
and the blood stained woods
they never dreamed of surrendering
they fell where they stood
stars fell over alabama
and i saw each star
you're walking in dreams
whoever you are
chilled as the skies
keen as the frost
and the ground's froze hard
and the morning is lost
a letter to mother
came today
gunshot wound to the breast
is what it did say
but he'll be better soon
he's in a hospital bed
but he'll never be better
he's already dead
i'm ten miles outside the city
and i'm lifted away
in an ancient light
that is not of day
they were calm they were gloomed
we knew them all too well
we loved eachother more than
we ever dared to tell"
"i crossed the rubicon on the 14th day
of the most dangerous month of the year
at the worst time, at the worst place
that's all i seem to hear
i got up early
so i can greet the goddess of the dawn
i've painted my wagon, abandoned all hope
and i crossed the rubicon
well, the rubicon is a red river
goin' gently as she flows
redder than your ruby lips
and the blood that flows from the rose
three miles north of purgatory
one step from the great beyond
i prayed to the cross, i kissed the girls
and i crossed the rubicon
what are these dark days i see?
in this world so badly bent
i cannot redeem the time
the time so idly spent
how much longer can it last?
how long can it go on?
i embrace my love
put down my hair
and i crossed the rubicon
i can feel the bones beneath my skin
and they're tremblin' with rage
i'll make your wife a widow
you'll never see old age
show me one good man in sight
that the sun shines down upon
i pawned my watch, i paid my debts
and i crossed the rubicon
put my hide up on a hill
where some happiness i'll find
if i survive, then let me love
let the hour be mine
take the high road, take the low
take any one you're on
i poured a cup, i passed it along
and i crossed the rubicon
well, you defiled the most lovely flowers
in all her womanhood
others can be tolerant
others can be good
i'll cut you up with a the crooked knife
lord, i'll miss you when you're gone
i stood between heaven and earth
and i crossed the rubicon
you won't find any happiness here
no happiness or joy
go back to the gutter, try your luck
find you some nice pretty boy
tell me how many men i need
and who can i count upon
i strapped my belt, i buttoned my coat
and i crossed the rubicon
i feel the holy spirit inside
see the light that freedom gives
i believe it's in the reach of
every man who lives
keep as far away as possible
it's darkest 'fore the dawn i turned the key, i broke it off
and i crossed the rubicon
mornin' baby, i used to look my mind
i truly believe that you are
couldn't be anybody else but you
who's come with me this far
the killing frost is on the ground
and the autumn leaves are gone
i lit the torch, looked to the east
and i crossed the rubicon"
"words and music by bob dylan
well, i had to go down to see a guy named mr. goldsmith
nasty, dirty, double crossin', back stabbin' phony i didn't have to, want to have to deal with
but i did it for you and all you gave me was a smile
well, i cried for you, now it's your turn to cry awhile
i don't carry dead weight, i'm no flash in the pan
all right, i'll set you straight, can't you see i'm a union man
i'm lettin' the cat out of the cage, i'm keepin' a low profile
well, i cried for you, now it's your turn, you can cry awhile
feel like a fightin' rooster, feel better than i ever felt
but the pennsylvania line's in an awful mess and the denver road is a goin' to melt
i went to the church house, every day i go an extra mile
well, i cry for you, now your turn, you can cry awhile
last night, 'cross the alley, there was a poundin' on the wall
it must have been don pasquale makin' a 2 a.m. booty call
to break a trusting heart like mine was just your style
well, i cried for you, now it's your turn to cry awhile
i'm on the fringes of the night fighting back my tears i can't control
some people they ain't human, they ain't got no heart or soul
but i'm a cryin' to the lord, tryin' to be meek and mild
yes, i cried for you, now it's your turn, you can cry awhile
well the preacher's in the pulpit and the babies in their cribs
i'm longin' for that sweet fat that sticks to your ribs
i'm goin' t' buy me a barrel of whisky, i'll die before i turn senile
yes, i cried for you, now it's your turn, you can cry awhile?
well, you bet on the horses, they ran the wrong way
i always said you'd be sorry and that would be the day
i might need a good lawyer, could be your funeral, my trial
well, i cried for you, now it's your turn, you can cry awhile"
"oh, the gentlemen are talking and the midnight moon is on the riverside,
they're drinking up and walking and it is time for me to slide.
i live in another world where life and death are memorized,
where the earth is strung with lovers' pearls and all i see are dark eyes.
a cock is crowing far away and another soldier's deep in prayer,
some mother's child has gone astray, she can't find him anywhere.
but i can hear another drum beating for the dead that rise,
whom nature's beast fears as they come and all i see are dark eyes.
they tell me to be discreet for all intended purposes,
they tell me revenge is sweet and from where they stand, i'm sure it is.
but i feel nothing for their game where beauty goes unrecognized,
all i feel is heat and flame and all i see are dark eyes.
oh, the french girl, she's in paradise and a drunken man is at the wheel,
hunger pays a heavy price to the falling gods of speed and steel.
oh, time is short and the days are sweet and passion rules the arrow that flies,
a million faces at my feet but all i see are dark eyes."
"oh, the benches were stained with tears and perspiration,
the birdies were flying from tree to tree.
there was little to say, there was no conversation
as i stepped to the stage to pick up my degree.
and the locusts sang off in the distance,
yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody.
oh, the locusts sang off in the distance,
yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.
i glanced into the chamber where the judges were talking,
darkness was everywhere, it smelled like a tomb.
i was ready to leave, i was already walkin',
but the next time i looked there was light in the room.
and the locusts sang, yeah, it give me a chill,
oh, the locusts sang such a sweet melody.
oh, the locusts sang their high whining trill,
yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.
outside of the gates the trucks were unloadin',
the weather was hot, a nearly 90 degrees.
the man standin' next to me, his head was exploding,
well, i was prayin' the pieces wouldn't fall on me.
yeah, the locusts sang off in the distance,
yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody.
oh, the locusts sang off in the distance,
and the locusts sang and they were singing for me.
i put down my robe, picked up my diploma,
took hold of my sweetheart and away we did drive,
straight for the hills, the black hills of dakota,
sure was glad to get out of there alive.
and the locusts sang, well, it give me a chill,
yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody.
and the locusts sang with a high whinin' trill,
yeah, the locusts sang and they was singing for me,
singing for me, well, singing for me."
"i'm old tom moore from the bummer's shore in that good old golden days
they call me a bummer and a ginsot too, but what cares i for praise ?
i wander around from town to town just like a roving sign
and all the people say, ""there goes tom moore, in the days of '49""
in the days of old, in the days of gold
how oft'times i repine for the days of old
when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.
my comrades they all loved me well, a jolly saucy crew
a few hard cases i will recall though they all were brave and true
whatever the pitch they never would flinch, they never would fret or whine
like good old bricks they stood the kicks in the days of '49
in the days of old, in the days of gold
how oft'times i repine for the days of old
when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.
there was new york jake, the butcher boy, he was always getting tight
and every time that he'd get full he was spoiling for a fight
but jake rampaged against a knife in the hands of old bob stein
and over jake they held a wake in the days of '49
in the days of old, in the days of gold
how oft'times i repine for the days of old
when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.
there was poker bill, one of the boys who was always in a game
whether he lost or whether he won, to him it was always the same
he would ante up and draw his cards and he would you go a hatful blind
in the game with death bill lost his breath, in the days of '49
in the days of old, in the days of gold
how oft'times i repine for the days of old
when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.
there was ragshag bill from buffalo, i never will forget
he would roar all day and he'd roar all night and i guess he's roaring yet
one day he fell in a prospect hole, in a roaring bad design
and in that hole he roared out his soul, in the days of '49
in the days of old, in the days of gold
how oft'times i repine for the days of old
when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.
of the comrades all that i've had, there's none that's left to boast
and i'm left alone in my misery like some poor wandering ghost
and i pass by from town to town, they call me a rambling sign
""there goes tom moore, a bummer shore in the days of '49 ""
in the days of old, in the days of gold
how oft'times i repine for the days of old
when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49."
"uttering idle words from a reprobate mind,
clinging to strange promises, dying on the vine,
never bein' able to separate the good from the bad,
ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it,
it's makin' me feel so sad.
dead man, dead man,
when will you arise?
cobwebs in your mind,
dust upon your eyes.
satan got you by the heel, there's a bird's nest in your hair.
do you have any faith at all? do you have any love to share?
the way that you hold your head, cursin' god with every move,
ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it,
what are you tryin' to prove?
dead man, dead man,
when will you arise?
cobwebs in your mind,
dust upon your eyes.
the glamour and the bright lights and the politics of sin,
the ghetto that you build for me is the one you end up in,
the race of the engine that overrules your heart,
ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it,
pretending that you're so smart.
dead man, dead man,
when will you arise?
cobwebs in your mind,
dust upon your eyes.
what are you tryin' to overpower me with, the doctrine or the gun?
my back is already to the wall, where can i run?
the tuxedo that you're wearin', the flower in your lapel,
ooh, i can't stand it, i can't stand it,
you wanna take me down to hell.
dead man, dead man,
when will you arise?
cobwebs in your mind,
dust upon your eyes."
"dear landlord,
please don't put a price on my soul.
my burden is heavy,
my dreams are beyond control.
when that steamboat whistle blows,
i'm gonna give you all i got to give,
and i do hope you receive it well,
dependin' on the way you feel that you live.
dear landlord,
please heed these words that i speak.
i know you've suffered much,
but in this you are not so unique.
all of us, at times, we might work too hard
to have it too fast and too much,
and anyone can fill his life up
with things he can see but he just cannot touch.
dear landlord,
please don't dismiss my case.
i'm not about to argue,
i'm not about to move to no other place.
now, each of us has his own special gift
and you know this was meant to be true,
and if you don't underestimate me,
i won't underestimate you."
"when you're sad and when you're lonely and you haven't got a friend
just remember that death is not the end
and all that you've held sacred, falls down and does not mend
just remember that death is no the end
not the end, not the end
just remember that death is not the end
when you're standing at the crossroads that you cannot comprehend
just remember that death is not the end
and all your dreams have vanished and you don't know what's up the bend
just remember that death is not the end
not the end, not the end
just remember that death is not the end
when the storm clouds gather 'round you, and heavy rains descend
just remember that death is not the end
and there's no one there to comfort you, with a helpin' hand to lend
just remember that death is not the end
not the end, not the end
just remember that death is not the end
oh, the tree of life is growing
where the spirit never dies
and the bright light of salvation shines
in dark and empty skies
when the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men
just remember that death is not the end
and you search in vain to find just one law abiding citizen
just remember that death is not the end
not the end, not the end
just remember that death is not the end"
"delia was a gambling girl, gambled all around,
delia was a gambling girl, she laid her money down.
all the friends i ever had are gone.
delia's dear ol' mother took a trip out west,
when she returned, little delia gone to rest.
all the friends i ever had are gone.
delia's daddy weeped, delia's momma moaned,
wouldn't have been so bad if the poor girl died at home.
all the friends i ever had are gone.
curtis' looking high, curtis' looking low,
he shot poor delia down with a cruel forty four.
all the friends i ever had are gone.
high up on the housetops, high as i can see,
looking for them rounders, looking out for me.
all the friends i ever had are gone.
men in atlanta, tryin' to pass for white,
delia's in the graveyard, boys, six feet out of sight.
all the friends i ever had are gone.
judge says to curtis, ""what's this noise about?""
""all about them rounders, judge, tryin' to cut me out.""
all the friends i ever had are gone.
curtis said to the judge, ""what might be my fine?""
judge says, ""poor boy, you got ninety nine.""
all the friends i ever had are gone.
curtis' in the jail house, drinking from an old tin cup,
delia's in the graveyard, she ain't gettin' up.
all the friends i ever had are gone.
delia, oh delia, how can it be?
you loved all them rounders, never did love me.
all the friends i ever had are gone.
delia, oh delia, how can it be?
you wanted all them rounders, never had time for me.
all the friends i ever had are gone."
"they're selling postcards of the hanging
they're painting the passports brown
the beauty parlor is filled with sailors
the circus is in town
here comes the blind commissioner
they've got him in a trance
one hand is tied to the tight rope walker
the other is in his pants
and the riot squad they're restless
they need somewhere to go
as lady and i look out tonight
from desolation row
cinderella, she seems so easy
""it takes one to know one,"" she smiles
and puts her hands in her back pockets
bette davis style
and in comes romeo, he's moaning
""you belong to me i believe""
and someone says,"" you're in the wrong place, my friend
you better leave""
and the only sound that's left
after the ambulances go
is cinderella sweeping up
on desolation row
now the moon is almost hidden
the stars are beginning to hide
the fortunetelling lady
has even taken all her things inside
all except for cain and abel
and the hunchback of notre dame
everybody is making love
or else expecting rain
and the good samaritan, he's dressing
he's getting ready for the show
he's going to the carnival tonight
on desolation row
now ophelia, she's 'neath the window
for her i feel so afraid
on her twenty second birthday
she already is an old maid
to her, death is quite romantic
she wears an iron vest
her profession's her religion
her sin is her lifelessness
and though her eyes are fixed upon
noah's great rainbow
she spends her time peeking
into desolation row
einstein, disguised as robin hood
with his memories in a trunk
passed this way an hour ago
with his friend, a jealous monk
he looked so immaculately frightful
as he bummed a cigarette
then he went off sniffing drainpipes
and reciting the alphabet
now you would not think to look at him
but he was famous long ago
for playing the electric violin
on desolation row
dr. filth, he keeps his world
inside of a leather cup
but all his sexless patients
they're trying to blow it up
now his nurse, some local loser
she's in charge of the cyanide hole
and she also keeps the cards that read
""have mercy on his soul""
they all play on penny whistles
you can hear them blow
if you lean your head out far enough
from desolation row
across the street they've nailed the curtains
they're getting ready for the feast
the phantom of the opera
a perfect image of a priest
they're spoonfeeding casanova
to get him to feel more assured
then they'll kill him with self confidence
after poisoning him with words
and the phantom's shouting to skinny girls
""get outa here if you don't know
casanova is just being punished for going
to desolation row""
now at midnight all the agents
and the superhuman crew
come out and round up everyone
that knows more than they do
then they bring them to the factory
where the heart attack machine
is strapped across their shoulders
and then the kerosene
is brought down from the castles
by insurance men who go
check to see that nobody is escaping
to desolation row
praise be to nero's neptune
the titanic sails at dawn
and everybody's shouting
""which side are you on?""
and ezra pound and t. s. eliot
fighting in the captain's tower
while calypso singers laugh at them
and fishermen hold flowers
between the windows of the sea
where lovely mermaids flow
and nobody has to think too much
about desolation row
yes, i received your letter yesterday
when you asked how i was doing
was that some kind of joke?
all these people that you mention
yes, i know them, they're quite lame
i had to rearrange their faces
and give them all another name
right now i can't read too good
don't send me no more letters no
not unless you mail them
from desolation row"
"1. now there's a man you'll hear about
most anywhere you go,
and his holdings are in texas
and his name is diamond joe.
2. and he carries all his money
in a diamond studded jar.
he never took much trouble
with the process of the law.
3. i hired out to diamond joe, boys,
did offer him my hand,
he gave a string of horses
so old they could not stand.
4. and i nearly starved to death, boys,
he did mistreat me so,
and i never saved a dollar
in the pay of diamond joe.
5. now his bread it was corn dodger
and his meat you couldn't chaw,
nearly drove me crazy
with the waggin' of his jaw.
6. and the tellin' of his story,
mean to let you know
that there never was a rounder
that could lie like diamond joe.
instrumental
7. now, i tried three times to quit him,
but he did argue so
i'm still punchin' cattle
in the pay of diamond joe.
8. and when i'm called up yonder
and it's my time to go,
give my blankets to my buddies
give the fleas to diamond joe."
"fat man lookin' in a blade of steel
thin man lookin' at his last meal
hollow man lookin' in a cottonfield
for dignity
wise man lookin' in a blade of grass
young man lookin' in the shadows that pass
poor man lookin' through painted glass
for dignity
somebody got murdered on new year's eve
somebody said dignity was the first to leave
i went into the city, went into the town
went into the land of the midnight sun
searchin' high, searchin' low
searchin' everywhere i know
askin' the cops wherever i go
have you seen dignity?
blind man breakin' out of a trance
puts both his hands in the pockets of chance
hopin' to find one circumstance
of dignity
i went to the wedding of mary lou
she said è¥‚ don't want nobody see me talkin' to you?br> said she could get killed if she told me what she knew
about dignity
i went down where the vultures feed
i would've got deeper, but there wasn't any need
heard the tongues of angels and the tongues of men
wasn't any difference to me
chilly wind sharp as a razor blade
house on fire, debts unpaid
gonna stand at the window, gonna ask the maid
have you seen dignity?
drinkin' man listens to the voice he hears
in a crowded room full of covered up mirrors
lookin' into the lost forgotten years
for dignity
met prince phillip at the home of the blues
said he'd give me information if his name wasn't used
he wanted money up front, said he was abused
by dignity
footprints runnin' cross the sliver sand
steps goin' down into tattoo land
i met the sons of darkness and the sons of light
in the bordertowns of despair
got no place to fade, got no coat
i'm on the rollin' river in a jerkin' boat
tryin' to read a note somebody wrote
about dignity
sick man lookin' for the doctor's cure
lookin' at his hands for the lines that were
and into every masterpiece of literature
for dignity
englishman stranded in the blackheart wind
combin' his hair back, his future looks thin
bites the bullet and he looks within
for dignity
someone showed me a picture and i just laughed
dignity never been photographed
i went into the red, went into the black
into the valley of dry bone dreams
so many roads, so much at stake
so many dead ends, i'm at the edge of the lake
sometimes i wonder what it's gonna take
to find dignity"
"i hate myself for lovin' you and the weakness that it showed
you were just a painted face on a trip down suicide road.
the stage was set, the lights went out all around the old hotel,
i hate myself for lovin' you and i'm glad the curtain fell.
i hate that foolish game we played and the need that was expressed
and the mercy that you showed to me, who ever would have guessed?
i went out on lower broadway and i felt that place within,
that hollow place where martyrs weep and angels play with sin.
heard your songs of freedom and man forever stripped,
acting out his folly while his back is being whipped.
like a slave in orbit, he's beaten 'til he's tame,
all for a moment's glory and it's a dirty, rotten shame.
there are those who worship loneliness, i'm not one of them,
in this age of fiberglass i'm searching for a gem.
the crystal ball up on the wall hasn't shown me nothing yet,
i've paid the price of solitude, but at least i'm out of debt.
can't recall a useful thing you ever did for me
'cept pat me on the back one time when i was on my knees.
we stared into each other's eyes 'til one of us would break,
no use to apologize, what diff'rence would it make?
so sing your praise of progress and of the doom machine,
the naked truth is still taboo whenever it can be seen.
lady luck, who shines on me, will tell you where i'm at,
i hate myself for lovin' you, but i should get over that."
"gon' walk down that dirt road, 'til someone lets me ride
gon' walk down that dirt road, 'til someone lets me ride
if i can't find my baby, i'm gonna run away and hide
i been pacing around the room hoping maybe she'd come back
pacing 'round the room hoping maybe she'd come back
well, i been praying for salvation laying 'round in a one room country shack
gon' walk down that dirt road until my eyes begin to bleed
gon' walk down that dirt road until my eyes begin to bleed
'til there's nothing left to see, 'til the chains have been shattered and i've been freed
i been lookin' at my shadow, i been watching the colors up above
lookin' at my shadow watching the colors up above
rolling through the rain and hail, looking for the sunny side of love
gon' walk on down that dirt road 'til i'm right beside the sun
gon' walk on down until i'm right beside the sun
i'm gonna have to put up a barrier to keep myself away from everyone."
"there's a whole lot of people suffering tonight
from the disease of conceit.
whole lot of people struggling tonight
from the disease of conceit.
comes right down the highway,
straight down the line,
rips into your senses
through your body and your mind.
nothing about it that's sweet,
the disease of conceit.
there's a whole lot of hearts breaking tonight
from the disease of conceit,
whole lot of hearts shaking tonight
from the disease of conceit.
steps into your room,
eats your soul,
over your senses
you have no control.
ain't nothing too discreet
about of disease of conceit.
there's a whole lot of people dying tonight
from the disease of conceit,
whole lot of people crying tonight
from the disease of conceit,
comes right out of nowhere
and you're down for the count
from the outside world,
the pressure will mount,
turn you into a piece of meat,
the disease of conceit.
conceit is a disease
that the doctors got no cure
they've done a lot of research on it
but what it is, they're still not sure
there's a whole lot of people in trouble tonight
from the disease of conceit,
whole lot of people seeing double tonight
from the disease of conceit,
give ya delusions of grandeur
and a evil eye
give you idea that
you're too good to die,
then they bury you from your head to your feet
from the disease of conceit."
"don't wanna judge nobody, don't wanna be judged,
don't wanna touch nobody, don't wanna be touched.
don't wanna hurt nobody, don't wanna be hurt,
don't wanna treat nobody like they was dirt.
but if you do right to me, baby,
i'll do right to you, too.
ya got to do unto others
like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.
don't wanna shoot nobody, don't wanna be shot,
don't wanna buy nobody, don't wanna be bought.
don't wanna bury nobody, don't wanna be buried,
don't wanna marry nobody if they're already married.
but if you do right to me, baby,
i'll do right to you, too.
ya got to do unto others
like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.
don't wanna burn nobody, don't wanna be burned,
don't wanna learn from nobody what i gotta unlearn.
don't wanna cheat nobody, don't wanna be cheated,
don't wanna defeat nobody if they already been defeated.
but if you do right to me, baby,
i'll do right to you, too.
ya got to do unto others
like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.
don't wanna wink at nobody, don't wanna be winked at,
don't wanna be used by nobody for a doormat.
don't wanna confuse nobody, don't wanna be confused,
don't wanna amuse nobody, don't wanna be amused.
but if you do right to me, baby,
i'll do right to you, too.
ya got to do unto others
like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you.
don't wanna betray nobody, don't wanna be betrayed,
don't wanna play with nobody, don't wanna be waylaid.
don't wanna miss nobody, don't wanna be missed,
don't put my faith in nobody, not even a scientist.
but if you do right to me, baby,
i'll do right to you, too.
ya got to do unto others
like you'd have them, like you'd have them, do unto you."
"don't ever take yourself away
don't ever take yourself to
a place where i can't find you.
don't ever take yourself away
i will never leave you
will never deceive you
i'll be right there walkin' behind you.
dearest, i think you're the one
i can't imagine
anybody doin'
more to me than you do.
dearest, if it's your heart that i won
there's no need for blame
and no reason to be ashamed
of that place where we stand in the sun.
don't ever take yourself away
don't ever take yourself to
a place where i can't find you.
don't ever take yourself away
i will never leave you
i will never deceive you
i'll be right there walkin' behind you.
dearest, let us not drift apart
it wouldn't be wise
it wouldn't be civilized
it wouldn't be smart.
time heals a broken heart
you've been hurt
you've been left in the dirt
but you still look brand new to me.
don't ever take yourself away
don't ever take yourself to
a place where i can't find you.
don't ever take yourself away
i will never leave you
i will never deceive you
i'll be right there walkin' behind you.
dearest, you're the answer to my prayers
words can't express
if my heart would confess
what you mean to me.
dearest, i can't help knowin' that you're the best
i don't have to feel
you to know that you're real
you're more than a dream to me.
don't ever take yourself away
don't ever take yourself to
a place where i can't find you.
don't ever take yourself away
i will never leave you
i will never deceive you
i'll be right there walking behind you."
"don't ya tell henry,
apple's got your fly.
i went down to the river on a saturday morn,
a lookin' around just to see who's born.
i found a little chicken down on his knees,
i went up and yelled to him,
""please, please, please!""
he said, ""don't ya tell henry,
don't ya tell henry,
don't ya tell henry,
apple's got your fly.""
i went down to the corner at a half past ten,
i's lookin' around, i wouldn't say when.
i looked down low, i looked above,
and who did i see but the one i love.
she said, ""don't ya tell henry,
don't ya tell henry,
don't ya tell henry,
apple's got your fly.""
now, i went down to the beanery at half past twelve,
a lookin' around just to see myself.
i spotted a horse and a donkey, too,
i looked for a cow and i saw me a few.
they said, ""don't ya tell henry,
don't ya tell henry,
don't ya tell henry,
apple's got your fly.""
now, i went down to the pumphouse the other night,
a lookin' around, it was outa sight.
i looked high and low for that big ol' tree,
i did go upstairs but i didn't see nobody but me.
i said, ""don't ya tell henry,
don't ya tell henry,
don't ya tell henry,
apple's got your fly."""
"down along the cove,
i spied my true love comin' my way.
down along the cove,
i spied my true love comin' my way.
i say, ""lord, have mercy, mama,
it sure is good to see you comin' today.""
down along the cove,
i spied my little bundle of joy.
down along the cove,
i spied my little bundle of joy.
she said, ""lord, have mercy, honey,
i'm so glad you're my boy!""
down along the cove,
we walked together hand in hand.
down along the cove,
we walked together hand in hand.
ev'rybody watchin' us go by
knows we're in love, yes, and they understand."
"crash on the levee, mama,
water's gonna overflow,
swamp's gonna rise,
no boat's gonna row.
now, you can train on down
to williams point,
you can bust your feet,
you can rock this joint.
but oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
you're gonna have to find yourself
another best friend, somehow.
now, don't you try an' move me,
you're just gonna lose.
there's a crash on the levee
and, mama, you've been refused.
well, it's sugar for sugar
and salt for salt,
if you go down in the flood,
it's gonna be your own fault.
oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
you're gonna have to find yourself
another best friend, somehow.
well, that high tide's risin',
mama, don't you let me down.
pack up your suitcase,
mama, don't you make a sound.
now, it's king for king,
queen for queen,
it's gonna be the meanest flood
that anybody's seen.
oh mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
yes, you're gonna have to find yourself
another best friend, somehow."
"well, i'm walkin' down the highway
with my suitcase in my hand.
yes, i'm walkin' down the highway
with my suitcase in my hand.
lord, i really miss my baby,
she's in some far off land.
well, your streets are gettin' empty,
lord, your highway's gettin' filled.
and your streets are gettin' empty
and your highway's gettin' filled.
well, the way i love that woman,
i swear it's bound to get me killed.
well, i been gamblin' so long,
lord, i ain't got much more to lose.
yes, i been gamblin' so long,
lord, i ain't got much more to lose.
right now i'm havin' trouble,
please don't take away my highway shoes.
well, i'm bound to get lucky, baby,
or i'm bound to die tryin'.
yes, i'm a bound to get lucky, baby,
lord, lord i'm a bound to die tryin'.
well, meet me in the middle of the ocean
and we'll leave this ol' highway behind.
well, the ocean took my baby,
my baby stole my heart from me.
yes, the ocean took my baby,
my baby took my heart from me.
she packed it all up in a suitcase,
lord, she took it away to italy, italy.
so, i'm a walkin' down your highway
just as far as my poor eyes can see.
yes, i'm a walkin' down your highway
just as far as my eyes can see.
from the golden gate bridge
all the way to the statue of liberty."
"the light
in this place
is really bad
like being
in the bottom
of a stream
any minute now
i'm expecting
to wake up
from a dream
miss so much
the softest touch
like the grave
of some child child
who neither wept
nor smiled
i'm hiding my faith
in the rain
i've been
dreamin' of you
that's all i do
and it's
driving me insane
somewhere dawn
is breaking
light is streaking
across the floor
church bells
are ringing
i wonder who
they're ringing for
travel under any star
you'll see me
wherever you are
the shadowy past
is so vague and so vast
i'm sleeping
in the balance of pain
i've been dreamin' of you
that's all i do
but it's
driving me insane
maybe they'll get me
maybe they won't
but whatever
it won't be tonight
i wish your hand
was in mine right now
we could go
where the moon is wide
for years
they had me
locked in a cage
then they threw me
onto the stage
somethings
just last longer
then you
thought they would
and they never
ever explain
i'm dreamin' of you
that's all i do
and it's
driving me insane
well
i eat when i'm hungry
drink when i'm dry
live my life
on the square
even if the flesh
falls off my face
it won't matter as long
as you're there
feel like
a ghost in love
underneath
the heavens above
feel further away
then i ever did before
feel further
than i can take
dreamin' of you
that's all i do
but it's
driving me insane
everything in the way
is so shy like the day
in queer and unusual form
spirals of golden haze here
in there in a blaze
like beams of light
in a star
maybe you're here
or maybe you weren't
maybe you
touched somebody
and got burned
the silent sun
has got me on the run
burning a hole
in my brain
i'm dreamin' of you
that's all i do
but it's
driving me insane"
"""oh, help me in my weakness,""
i heard the drifter say,
as they carried him from the courtroom
and were taking him away.
""my trip hasn't been a pleasant one
and my time it isn't long,
and i still do not know
what it was that i've done wrong.""
well, the judge, he cast his robe aside,
a tear came to his eye,
""you fail to understand,"" he said,
""why must you even try?""
outside, the crowd was stirring,
you could hear it from the door.
inside, the judge was stepping down,
while the jury cried for more.
""oh, stop that cursed jury,""
cried the attendant and the nurse,
""the trial was bad enough,
but this is ten times worse.""
just then a bolt of lightning
struck the courthouse out of shape,
and while ev'rybody knelt to pray
the drifter did escape."
"i didn't know that you'd be leavin'
or who you thought you were talkin' to.
i figure maybe we're even
or maybe i'm one up on you.
i send you all my money
just like i did before.
i tried to reach you honey,
but you're driftin' too far from shore.
driftin' too far from shore
driftin' too far from shore
driftin' too far from shore
driftin' too far from shore
i ain't gonna get lost in this current,
i don't like playing cat and mouse.
no gentleman likes making love to a servant.
especially when he's in his father's house.
i never could guess your weight, baby,
never needed to call you my whore.
i always thought you were straight, baby,
but you're driftin' too far from shore.
driftin' too far from shore
driftin' too far from shore
driftin' too far from shore
driftin' too far from shore
well these times and these tunnels are haunted,
the bottom of the barrel is too.
i waited years sometimes for what i wanted.
everybody can't be as lucky as you.
never no more do i wonder,
why you don't never play with me any more.
at any moment you could go under,
'cause you're driftin' too far from shore.
driftin' too far from shore
driftin' too far from shore
driftin' too far from shore
driftin' too far from shore
you and me we had completeness,
i give you all of what i could provide
we weren't on the wrong side, sweetness,
we were the wrong side.
i've already ripped out the phones, honey.
you can't walk the streets in a war.
i can finish this alone, honey,
you're driftin' too far from shore."
"twinkle, twinkle, twinkle, little star
up comes brady in a 'lectric car
got a mean look all 'round his eye
gonna shoot somebody jus' to see them die
duncan, duncan was tending the bar
in walked brady with a shining star
and brady says, ""duncan you are under arrest
and duncan shot a hole in brady's breast
brady, brady carried a '45
said it would shoot half a mile
duncan had a '44
that what laid mr. brady so low
brady fell down on the barroom floor
""please mr. duncan don' shoot me no more
women all cryin, ain't it a shame
shot king brady, goin' shoot him again
""brady, brady, brady, you know you done wrong
walkin' in the room when the game was goin' on
knockin down windows, breakin' down the door
now you lyin' dead on the grocery  floor
women all heard that brady was dead
goes back home and they dresses in red
come a snifflin' and a sighin' down the street
in their big mother hubbards and their stockin' feet"
"listen to that duquesne whistle blowing
blowing like it's gonna sweep my world away
i wanna stop at carmangale and keep on going
that duquesne train gon' rock me night and day
you say i'm a gambler, you say i'm a pimp
but i ain't neither one
listen to that duquesne whistle blowing
sounding like it's on a final run
listen to that duquesne whistle blowing
blowing like she never blowed before
blue little light blinking, red light glowing
blowing like she's at my chamber door
you smiling through the fence at me
just like you always smiled before
listen to that duquesne whistle blowing
blowing like she ain't gon' blow no more
can't you hear that duquesne whistle blowing?
blowing like the sky's gonna blow apart
you're the only thing alive that keeps me going
you're like a time bomb in my heart
i can hear a sweet voice steadily calling
must be the mother of our lor'
listen to that duquesne whistle blowing
blowing like my woman's on board
listen to that duquesne whistle blowing
blowing like it's gon' blow my blues away
you old rascal, i know exactly where you're going
i'll lead you there myself at the break of day
i wake up every morning with that woman in my bed
everybody telling me she's gone to my head
listen to that duquesne whistle blowing
blowing like it's gon' kill me dead
can't you hear that duquesne whistle blowing?
blowing through another no good town
the lights on my lady's land are glowing
i wonder if they'll know me next time 'round
i wonder if that old oak tree's still standing
that old oak tree, the one we used to climb
listen to that duquesne whistle blowing
blowing like she's blowing right on time"
"in the early mornin' rain
with a dollar in my hand
with an achin' in my heart
and my pockets full of sand
i'm a long way from home
and i missed my loved on so
in the early mornin' rain
and no place to go
out on runway number nine
big seven o seven set to go
well, i'm stuck here on the ground
where the cold winds blow
the liquor tasted good
and the women all were fast
there she goes, my friend
she's a rollin' down at last
here the mighty engines roar
see the silver bird on high
she's away in westward bound
far above the clouds she'll fly
where the mornin' rain don't fall
and the sun always shines
she'll be flyin' over my home
in about three hours time
this old airports got me down
it's no earthly good to me
'cause i'm stuck here on the ground
cold and drunk as i might be
you can't hop a jet plane
like you can a freight train
so i best be on my way
in the early mornin' rain
from ""bob dylan   self portrait"" , copyright by big sky music, published by bob dylan words & music company, inc. 1970"
"all the early roman kings
in their shark skin suits
bow ties and buttons
high top boots
drivin' the spikes in
blazin' the rails
nailed in their coffins
top hats and tails
fly away over
fly away flap your wings
fly by night
like the early roman kings
they're peddlers and they're meddlers
they buy and they sell
they destroyed your city
they'll destroy you as well
they're lecherous and treacherous
a hell bent for leather
each of 'em bigger
than all men put together
sluggers and muggers
wearin' fancy gold rings
all the women going crazy
for the early roman kings"
"come baby, find me, come baby, remind me of where i once begun.
come baby, show me, show me you know me, tell me you're the one.
i could be learning, you could be yearning to see behind closed doors.
but i will always be emotionally yours.
come baby, rock me, come baby, lock me into the shadows of your heart.
come baby, teach me, come baby, reach me, let the music start.
i could be dreaming but i keep believing you're the one i'm livin' for.
and i will always be emotionally yours.
it's like my whole life never happened,
when i see you, it's as if i never had a thought.
i know this dream, it might be crazy,
but it's the only one i've got.
come baby, shake me, come baby, take me, i would be satisfied.
come baby, hold me, come baby, help me, my arms are open wide.
i could be unraveling wherever i'm traveling, even to foreign shores.
but i will always be emotionally yours."
"j. r. robertson
take a silver dollar and put it in your pocket,
never let it slip away.
always be a man, not a boy gone astray.
when ya get half cra zy from the august heat
or on a frozen, rotted road
with no one to complain to about your achin' feet.
chorus:
you're gonna walk that endless highway,
walk that high way till you die.
all you children goin' my way,
better tell your home life sweet goodbye.
when i see a detour up ahead,
well, i leave it far behind,
who knows what you're apt to find there.
with the cost of livin, and the price of dyin',
well it look like t'me this time i wont be buyin'
chorus
when they get a scapegoat by the throat,
it's hard labour and cold beans.
if ya get away real quick,
you'll be eatin from the poison peanut machine.
well, i sing by night, wander by day.
i'm on the road and it looks like i'm here to stay.
chorus"
"i sang the song slowly
as she stood in the shadows
she stepped to the light
as my silver strings spun
she called with her eyes
to the tune i's a playin'
but the song it was long
and i'd only begun
through a bullet of light
her face was reflectin'
the fast fading words
that rolled from my tongue
with a long distance look
her eyes was on fire
but the song it was long
and there was more to be sung.
my eyes danced a circle
across her clear outline
with her head tilted sideways
she called me again
as the tune drifted out
she breathed hard through the echo
but the song it was long
and it was far to the end
i glanced at my guitar
and played it pretendin'
that of all the eyes out there
i could see none
as her thoughts pounded hard
like the pierce of an arrow
but the song it was long
and it had to get done
as the tune finally folded
i laid down the guitar
then looked for the girl
who'd stayed for so long
but her shadow was missin'
for all of my searchin'
so i picked up my guitar
and began the next song"
"the eastern world it is explodin',
violence flarin', bullets loadin',
you're old enough to kill but not for votin',
you don't believe in war, what's that gun you're totin',
and even the jordan river has bodies floatin',
but you tell me over and over and over again my friend,
ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction.
don't you understand, what i'm trying to say?
can't you see the fear that i'm feeling today?
if the button is pushed, there's no running away,
there'll be no one to save with the world in a grave,
take a look around you, boy, it's bound to scare you, boy,
and you tell me over and over and over again my friend,
ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction.
yeah, my blood's so mad, feels like coagulatin',
i'm sittin' here, just contemplatin',
i can't twist the truth, it knows no regulation,
handful of senators don't pass legislation,
and marches alone can't bring integration,
when human respect is disintegratin',
this whole crazy world is just too frustratin',
and you tell me over and over and over again my friend,
ah, you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction.
think of all the hate there is in red china!
then take a look around to selma, alabama!
ah, you may leave here, for four days in space,
but when your return, it's the same old place,
the poundin' of the drums, the pride and disgrace,
you can bury your dead, but don't leave a trace,
hate your next door neighbour, but don't forget to say grace,
and you tell me over and over and over and over again my friend,
you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction.
you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction."
"in the time of my confession, in the hour of my deepest need
when the pool of tears beneath my feet flood every newborn seed
there's a dyin' voice within me reaching out somewhere,
toiling in the danger and in the morals of despair.
don't have the inclination to look back on any mistake,
like cain, i now behold this chain of events that i must break.
in the fury of the moment i can see the master's hand
in every leaf that trembles, in every grain of sand.
oh, the flowers of indulgence and the weeds of yesteryear,
like criminals, they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer.
the sun beat down upon the steps of time to light the way
to ease the pain of idleness and the memory of decay.
i gaze into the doorway of temptation's angry flame
and every time i pass that way i always hear my name.
then onward in my journey i come to understand
that every hair is numbered like every grain of sand.
i have gone from rags to riches in the sorrow of the night
in the violence of a summer's dream, in the chill of a wintry light,
in the bitter dance of loneliness fading into space,
in the broken mirror of innocence on each forgotten face.
i hear the ancient footsteps like the motion of the sea
sometimes i turn, there's someone there, other times it's only me.
i am hanging in the balance of the reality of man
like every sparrow falling, like every grain of sand."
"they'll stone you when you're trying to be so good
they'll stone you just like they said they would
they'll stone you when you're trying to go home
they'll stone you when you're there all alone
but i would not feel so all alone
everybody must get stoned
they'll stone you when you're walking on the street
they'll stone you when you're trying to keep your seat
they'll stone you when your walking on the floor
they'll stone you when your walking to the door
but i would not feel so all alone
everybody must get stoned
they'll stone you when you're at the breakfast table
they'll stone you when you are young and able
they'll stone you when you're trying to make a buck
they'll stone you and then they'll say good luck
but i would not feel so all alone
everybody must get stoned
well they'll stone you and say that it's the end
they'll stone you and then they'll come back again
they'll stone you when you're riding in your car
they'll stone you when you're playing you guitar
yes but i would not feel so all alone
everybody must get stoned
alright
well they'll stone you when you are all alone
they'll stone you when you are walking home
they'll stone you and then say they're all brave
they'll stone you when you're send down in your grave
but i would not feel so all alone
everybody must get stoned
correct title of song  rainy day woman #12 and #35 "
"broken lines, broken strings,
broken threads, broken springs,
broken idols, broken heads,
people sleeping in broken beds.
ain't no use jiving
ain't no use joking
everything is broken.
broken bottles, broken plates,
broken switches, broken gates,
broken dishes, broken parts,
streets are filled with broken hearts.
broken words never meant to be spoken,
everything is broken.
bridge: seem like every time you stop and turn around
something else just hit the ground
broken cutters, broken saws,
broken buckles, broken laws,
broken bodies, broken bones,
broken voices on broken phones.
take a deep breath, feel like you're chokin',
everything is broken.
bridge: every time you leave and go off someplace
things fall to pieces in my face
broken hands on broken ploughs,
broken treaties, broken vows,
broken pipes, broken tools,
people bending broken rules.
hound dog howling, bull frog croaking,
everything is broken."
"another day that don't end
another ship goin' out
another day of anger, bitterness, and doubt
i know how it happened
i saw it begin
i opened my heart to the world and the world came in
hello mary lou
hello miss pearl
my fleet footed guides from the underworld
no stars in the sky shine brighter than you
you girls mean business and i do too
well i'm the enemy of treason
enemy of strife
enemy of the unlived meaningless life
i ain't no false prophet
i just know what i know
i go where only the lonely can go
i'm first among equals
second to none
last of the best
you can bury the rest
bury 'em naked with their silver and gold
put them six feet under and pray for their souls
what are you lookin' at
there's nothing to see
just a cool breeze that's encircling me
let's go for a walk in the garden
so far and so wide
we can sit in the shade by the fountain side
i search the world over
for the holy grail
i sing songs of love
i sing songs of betrayal
don't care what i drink
don't care what i eat
i climbed the mountains of swords on my bare feet
you don't know me darlin'
you never would guess
i'm nothing like my ghostly appearance would suggest
i ain't no false prophet
i just said what i said
i'm just here to bring vengeance on somebody's head
put out your hand
there's nothing to hold
open your mouth
i'll stuff it with gold
oh you poor devil look up if you will
the city of god is there on the hill
hello stranger
a long goodbye
you ruled the land
but so do i
you lost your mule
you got a poison brain
i'll marry you to a ball and chain
you know darlin'
the kind of life that i live
when your smile meets my smile something's got to give
i ain't no false prophet
no i'm nobody's bride
can't remember when i was born
and i forgot when i died"
"farewell angelina
the bells of the crown
are being stolen by bandits
i must follow the sound
the triangle tingles
and the trumpet play slow
farewell angelina
the sky is on fire
and i must go.
there's no need for anger
there's no need for blame
there's nothing to prove
ev'rything's still the same
just a table standing empty
by the edge of the sea
farewell angelina
the sky is trembling
and i must leave.
the jacks and queens
have forsaked the courtyard
fifty two gypsies
now file past the guards
in the space where the deuce
and the ace once ran wild
farewell angelina
the sky is folding
i'll see you in a while.
see the cross eyed pirates sitting
perched in the sun
shooting tin cans
with a sawed off shotgun
and the neighbors they clap
and they cheer with each blast
farewell angelina
the sky's changing color
and i must leave fast.
king kong, little elves
on the rooftoops they dance
valentino type tangos
while the make up man's hands
shut the eyes of the dead
not to embarrass anyone
farewell angelina
the sky is embarrassed
and i must be gone.
the machine guns are roaring
the puppets heave rocks
the fiends nail time bombs
to the hands of the clocks
call me any name you like
i will never deny it
farewell angelina
the sky is erupting
i must go where it's quiet."
"father of night, father of day,
father, who taketh the darkness away,
father, who teacheth the bird to fly,
builder of rainbows up in the sky,
father of loneliness and pain,
father of love and father of rain.
father of day, father of night,
father of black, father of white,
father, who build the mountain so high,
who shapeth the cloud up in the sky,
father of time, father of dreams,
father, who turneth the rivers and streams.
father of grain, father of wheat,
father of cold and father of heat,
father of air and father of trees,
who dwells in our hearts and our memories,
father of minutes, father of days,
father of whom we most solemnly praise."
" white)
feeling funny in my mind, lord,
i believe i'm fixing to die
feeling funny in my mind, lord
i believe i'm fixing to die
well, i don't mind dying
but i hate to leave my children crying
well, i look over yonder to that burying ground
look over yonder to that burying ground
sure seems lonesome, lord, when the sun goes down
feeling funny in my eyes, lord,
i believe i'm fixing to die, fixing to die
feeling funny in my eyes, lord
i believe i'm fixing to die
well, i don't mind dying but
i hate to leave my children crying
there's a black smoke rising, lord
it's rising up above my head, up above my head
it's rising up above my head, up above my head
and tell jesus make up my dying bed.
i'm walking kind of funny, lord
i believe i'm fixing to die, fixing to die
yes i'm walking kind of funny, lord
i believe i'm fixing to die
fixing to die, fixing to die
well, i don't mind dying
but i hate to leave my children crying."
"feeling funny in my mind, lord,
i believe i'm fixing to die, fixing to die
feeling funny in my mind, lord,
i believe i'm fixing to die
well, i don't mind dying
but i hate to leave my childen crying
well, look over yonder to that burying ground
look over yonder yonder to that burying ground
sure seems lonesome, lord, when the sun goes down.
feeling funny in my eyes, lord,
i believe i'm fixing to die, fixing to die
feeling funny in my eyes, lord,
i believe i'm fixing to die
well, i don't mind dying
but i hate to leave my children crying
there's a black smoke rising, lord,
it's rising up above my head, up above my head
it's rising up above my head, up above my head
and tell jesus make up my dying bed.
i'm walking kind of funny, lord
i believe i'm fixing to die, fixing to die
yes, i'm walking kind of funny, lord
i believe i'm fixing to die
fixing to die, fixing to die
well, i don't mind dying but i hate to leave my children crying."
"words and music by bob dylan
down over the window
from the dazzling sunlit place
through the back alleys, through the blinds
another one of the memphis days
honey bees are buzzing
leaves begin to stir
i'm in love with my second cousin
i tell myself i could be happy forever with her
i keep listening for footsteps
but i ain't never hearing any
from the boat, i fish for bullheads
i catch a lot, sometimes too many
a summer breeze is blowin'
a squall is setting in
sometimes it's just plain stupid
to get into any kind of wind
well the old men 'round here
sometimes they get on bad terms
with the younger men,
old, young, age don't carry weight
it doesn't matter in the end
one of the boss' hangers on
sometimes comes to call
at times you least expect
tryin' to bully you, strongarm you,
inspire you with fear
it has the opposite effect
there's a new grove of trees on the outskirts of town
the other one is long gone
10 foot, 2 foot, 6 across
burns with the bark still on
they say times are hard
if you don't believe it you can follow your nose
it don't bother me, times are hard anywhere
we'll just have to see how it goes
my old man, he's like some feudal lord
he's got more lives than a cat
i've never seen him quarrel with my mother even once
things come alive or they fall flat
you can smell the pine wood burnin'
you can hear the school bell ring
got to get up near the teacher, if you can
if you wanna learn anything
romeo, he said to juliet, you got a poor complexion
that don't give your appearance a very youthful touch
juliet said back to romeo,
why don't you just shove off,
if it bothers you so much
they all got outta here any way they could
cold rain can give you the shivers
they went down the ohio, the cumberland, the tennessee,
all the rest of them rebel rivers
if you ever try to interfere with me
or cross my path again,
you do so at the peril of your life
i'm not quite as cool, or forgiving as i sound
i've seen enough heartache and strife
my grandfather was a duck trapper,
he could do it with just dragnets and ropes
my grandmother could sew new dresses out of old cloth,
i don't know if they had any dreams or hopes
i had 'em once, though i suppose
to go along with all the ring dancing,
christmas carols and all the christmas eves
i left all my dreams and hopes
buried under tobacco leaves
not always easy kicking someone out
got to wait awhile, it can be an unpleasant task
sometimes somebody wants you to give something up
and tears or not, it's too much to ask"
"like the lion tears the flesh off of a man
so can a woman who passes herself off as a male
they sang ""danny boy"" at his funeral and the lord's prayer
preacher talking 'bout christ betrayed
it's like the earth just opened and swallowed him up
he reached too high, was thrown back to the ground
you know what they say about bein' nice to the right people on the way up
sooner or later you gonna meet them comin' down
well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down
ain't no goin' back
hear ya got a brother named james, don't forget faces or names
sunken cheeks and his blood is mixed
he looked straight into the sun and said revenge is mine
but he drinks, and drinks can be fixed
sing me one more song, about ya love me to the moon and the stranger
and your fall by the sword love affair with erroll flynn
in these times of compassion when conformity's in fashion
say one more stupid thing to me before the final nail is driven in.
well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down
ain't no goin' back
there's a retired businessman named red, cast down from heaven and he's out of his head
he feeds off of everyone that he can touch
he said he only deals in cash or sells tickets to a plane crash
he's not somebody that you play around with much
miss delilah is his, a philistine is what she is
she'll do wondrous works with your fate
feed you coconut bread, spice buns in your bed
if you don't mind sleepin' with your head face down in a grave.
well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down
ain't no goin' back
well they'll choose a man for you to meet tonight
you'll play the fool and learn how to walk through doors
how to enter into the gates of paradise
no, how to carry a burden too heavy to be yours
yeah, from the stage they'll be tryin' to get water outta rocks
a whore will pass the hat, collect a hundred grand and say thanks
they like to take all this money from sin, build big universities to study in
sing ""amazing grace"" all the way to the swiss banks
well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down
ain't no goin' back
they got some beautiful people out there, man
they can be a terror to your mind and show you how to hold your tongue
they got mystery written all over their forehead
they kill babies in the crib and say only the good die young
they don't believe in mercy
judgment on them is something that you'll never see
they can exalt you up or bring you down main route
turn you into anything that they want you to be
well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down
ain't no goin' back
yes, i guess i loved him too
i can still see him in my mind climbin' that hill
did he make it to the top, well he probably did and dropped
struck down by the strength of the will
ain't nothin' left here partner, just the dust of a plague that has left this whole town afraid
from now on, this'll be where you're from
let the dead bury the dead. your time will come
let hot iron blow as he raised the shade
well, there ain't no goin' back when your foot of pride come down
ain't no goin' back"
"forgetful heart
lost your power of recall
every little detail
you don't remember at all
the times we knew
who would remember better then you
forgetful heart
we laughed and had a good time you and i
it's been so long
now you're content to let the days go by
when you were there
you were the answer to my prayer
forgetful heart
we loved with all the love that life can give
what can i say
without you it's so hard to live
can't take much more
why can't we love like we did before
forgetful heart
like a walking shadow in my brain
all night long
i lay awake and listen to the sound of pain
the door has closed forevermore
if indeed there ever was a door"
"four strong winds that blow lonely
seven seas that run high
all these things that won't change
come what may
but the good times all are gone
and i'm bound for movin' on
i'll look for you if you ever come this way
think i'll go down to alberta
where there's good there in the fall
i've got some friends that i can go workin' for
but i wish you'd change your mind
if i ask you one more time
but we've been through that a hundred times or more
four strong winds that blow lonely
seven seas that run high
all these things that don't change
come what may
but the good times are all gone
and i'm bound for movin' on
i'll look for you if you ever come this way
but by then it would be springtime
there ain't too much for you to do
so i see you when i pass this way again
four strong winds that blow lonely
seven seas that run high
all these things that won't change
come what may
but the good times are all gone
and i'm bound for movin' on
i'll look for you if i'm ever back this way"
"1. frankie was a good girl.
everybody knows.
paid one hundred dollars
for albert's new suit of clothes.
he was her man but he done her wrong.
2. albert said, ""i'm leaving you.
won't be gone for long.
don't wait up for me.
a worry about me when i'm gone.""
he was her man but he done her wrong.
3. frankie went down to the corner saloon.
get a bucket of beer.
said to the bartender.
""has my lovin' man been here?""
he was her man but he done her wrong.
instrumental
4. ""well, i ain't gonna tell you no stories.
i ain't gonna tell you no lies.
i saw albert an hour ago.
with a gal named alice bly.""
he was her man but he done her wrong.
5. frankie went down to 12th street.
lookin' up through the window high.
she saw her albert there.
lovein' up alice bly.
he was her man but he done her wrong.
instrumental
6. frankie pulled out a pistol.
pulled out a forty four.
gun went off a rootie toot toot
and albert fell on the floor.
he was her man but he done her wrong.
7. frankie got down upon her knees.
took albert into her lap.
started to hug and kiss him.
but there was no bringin' him back.
he was her man but he done her wrong.
instrumental
8. ""gimme a thousand policemen.
throw me into a cell.
i shot my albert dead.
and now i'm goin' to hell.
he was her man but he done me wrong.""
9. judge said to the jury.
""plain as a thing can be.
a woman shot her lover down.
murder in the second degree.""
he was her man but he done her wrong.
instrumental
10. frankie went to the scaffold.
calm as a girl could be.
turned her eyes up towards the heavens.
said, ""nearer, my god, to thee.""
he was her man but he done her wrong."
"i was born in dixie in a boomer's shack,
just a little shanty by the railroad track
freight train was it taught me how to cry,
the holler of the driver was my lullaby.
i've got the freight train blues oh, lawdy mama got em on the bottom of my ramblin'
shoes
and when the whistle blows, i gotta go
baby don't you know
it looks like i'm never gonna lose
the freight train blues.
well, my daddy was a fireman and my mama hear
she was the only daughter of the engineer
my sweetheart loved the brakeman and that ain't no
joke
its a shame the way she keeps a good man broke.
i got the freight train blues oh, lawdy i got em in the bottom of my ramblin' shoes
and when the whistle blows, i gotta go
oh mama don't you know
well it looks like i'm never gonna lose
the freight train blues.
well, the only thing that makes you laugh again
is a south bound whistle on a south bound train
every place i want to go
i never can go because you know
because i got the freight train blues oh, lawdy mama, got em on the bottom of my ramblin'
shoes"
"1. frog went a courtin', and he did ride, uh huh,
frog went a courtin', and he did ride, uh huh,
frog went a courtin', and he did ride.
with a sword and a pistol by his side, uh huh.
2. well he rode up to miss mousey's door, uh huh,
well he rode up to miss mousey's door, uh huh,
well he rode up to miss mousey's door.
gave three loud raps and a very big roar, uh huh.
3. said, ""miss mouse, are you within?"" uh huh,
said he, ""miss mouse, are you within?"" uh huh,
said, ""miss mouse, are you within?""
""yes, kind sir, i sit and spin,"" uh huh.
4. he took miss mousey on his knee, uh huh,
took miss mousey on his knee, uh huh,
took miss mousey on his knee.
said, ""miss mousey, will you marry me?"" uh huh.
5. ""without my uncle rat's consent, uh huh
""without my uncle rat's consent, uh huh
""without my uncle rat's consent.
i wouldn't marry the president, uh huh
6. uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh huh,
uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh huh,
uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides,.
to think his niece would be a bride, uh huh.
7. uncle rat went runnin' downtown, uh huh,
uncle rat went runnin' downtown, uh huh,
uncle rat went runnin' downtown.
to buy his niece a wedding gown, uh huh
8. where shall the wedding supper be? uh huh,
where shall the wedding supper be? uh huh,
where shall the wedding supper be?
way down yonder in a hollow tree, uh huh
9. what should the wedding supper be? uh huh,
what should the wedding supper be? uh huh,
what should the wedding supper be?
fried mosquito in a black eye pea, uh huh.
10. well, first to come in was a flyin' moth, uh huh,
first to come in was a flyin' moth, uh huh,
first to come in was a flyin' moth.
she laid out the table cloth, uh huh.
11. next to come in was a juney bug, uh huh,
next to come in was a juney bug, uh huh,
next to come in was a juney bug.
she brought the water jug, uh huh.
12. next to come in was a bumbley bee, uh huh
next to come in was a bumbley bee, uh huh
next to come in was a bumbley bee.
sat mosquito on his knee, uh huh.
13. next to come in was a broken black flea, uh huh,
next to come in was a broken black flea, uh huh,
next to come in was a broken black flea.
danced a jig with the bumbley bee, uh huh.
14. next to come in was mrs. cow, uh huh,
next to come in was mrs. cow, uh huh,
next to come in was mrs. cow.
she tried to dance but she didn't know how, uh huh.
15. next to come in was a little black tick, uh huh,
next to come in was a little black tick, uh huh,
next to come in was a little black tick.
she ate so much she made us sick, uh huh.
16. next to come in was a big black snake, uh huh,
next to come in was a big black snake, uh huh,
next to come in was a big black snake.
ate up all of the wedding cake, uh huh.
17. next to come was the old gray cat, uh huh,
next to come was the old gray cat, uh huh,
next to come was the old gray cat.
swallowed the mouse and ate up the rat, uh huh.
18. mr. frog went a hoppin' up over the brook, uh huh,
mr. frog went a hoppin' up over the brook, uh huh,
mr. frog went a hoppin' up over the brook.
a lily white duck come and swallowed him up, uh huh.
19. a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, uh huh,
a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, uh huh,
a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf.
if you want anymore, you can sing it yourself, uh huh."
"i got this graveyard woman, you know she keeps my kid
but my soulful mama, you know she keeps me hid
she's a junkyard angel and she always gives me bread
well, if i go down dyin', you know she bound to put a blanket on my bed.
well, when the pipeline gets broken and i'm lost on the river bridge
i'm cracked up on the highway and on the water's edge
she comes down the thruway ready to sew me up with thread
well, if i go down dyin', you know she bound to put a blanket on my bed.
well, she don't make me nervous, she don't talk too much
she walks like bo diddley and she don't need no crutch
she keeps this four ten all loaded with lead
well, if i go down dyin', you know she bound to put a blanket on my bed.
well, you know i need a steam shovel mama to keep away the dead
i need a dump truck mama to unload my head
she brings me everything and more, and just like i said
well, if i go down dyin', you know she bound to put a blanket on my bed."
"of war and peace the truth just twists
its curfew gull just glides
upon four legged forest clouds
the cowboy angel rides
with his candle lit into the sun
though its glow is waxed in black
all except when 'neath the trees of eden
the lamppost stands with folded arms
its iron claws attached
to curbs 'neath holes where babies wail
though it shadows metal badge
all and all can only fall
with a crashing but meaningless blow
no sound ever comes from the gates of eden
the savage soldier sticks his head in sand
and then complains
unto the shoeless hunter who's gone deaf
but still remains
upon the beach where hound dogs bay
at ships with tattooed sails
heading for the gates of eden
with a time rusted compass blade
aladdin and his lamp
sits with utopian hermit monks
side saddle on the golden calf
and on their promises of paradise
you will not hear a laugh
all except inside the gates of eden
relationships of ownership
they whisper in the wings
to those condemned to act accordingly
and wait for succeeding kings
and i try to harmonize with songs
the lonesome sparrow sings
there are no kings inside the gates of eden
the motorcycle black madonna
two wheeled gypsy queen
and her silver studded phantom cause
the gray flannel dwarf to scream
as he weeps to wicked birds of prey
who pick up on his bread crumb sins
and there are no sins inside the gates of eden
the kingdoms of experience
in the precious wind they rot
while paupers change possessions
each one wishing for what the other has got
and the princess and the prince
discuss what's real and what is not
it doesn't matter inside the gates of eden
the foreign sun, it squints upon
a bed that is never mine
as friends and other strangers
from their fates try to resign
leaving men wholly, totally free
to do anything they wish to do but die
and there are no trials inside the gates of eden
at dawn my lover comes to me
and tells me of her dreams
with no attempts to shovel the glimpse
into the ditch of what each one means
at times i think there are no words
but these to tell what's true
and there are no truths outside the gates of eden"
"you know, there's two ol' maids layin' in the bed
one picked herself up an' the other one, she said
""get your rocks off!
get your rocks off! get your rocks off! get your rocks off a me!  ""
well, you know, there late
one night up on blueberry hill
one man turned to the other
man and said, with a blood curdlin' chill, he said
""get your rocks off! get your rocks off! get your rocks off! get your rocks off a me!  ""
well, you know, we was layin'
down around mink muscle creek
one man said to the other man
he began to speak, he said
""get your rocks off! get your rocks off! 
get your rocks off! get your rocks off a me!  ""
well, you know, we was cruisin' down
the highway in a greyhound bus
all kinds a children in the side road
they was hollerin' at us, sayin'
""get your rocks off! get your rocks off! get your rocks off! get your rocks off a me! """
"god knows you ain't pretty,
god knows it's true.
god knows there ain't anybody
ever gonna take the place of you.
god knows it's a struggle,
god knows it's a crime,
god knows there's gonna be no more water
but fire next time.
bridge #1:
god didn't call it treason,
god didn't call it wrong,
it was supposed to last a season
but it's been so strong for so long.
god knows it's fragile,
god knows everything,
god knows it could snap apart right now
just like putting scissors to a string.
bridge #2:
god knows it's terrifying,
god sees it all unfold,
there's a million reasons for you to be crying
you been so bold and so cold.
god knows that when you see it,
god knows you've got to weep,
god knows the secrets of your heart,
he'll tell them to you when you're asleep.
god knows there's a river,
god knows how to make it flow,
god knows you ain't gonna be taking
nothing with you when you go.
god knows there's a purpose,
god knows there's a chance,
god knows you can rise above the darkest hour
of any circumstance.
god knows there's a heaven,
god knows it's out of sight,
god knows we can get all the way from here to there
even if we've got to walk a million miles by candlelight."
"i'm going down to rose marie's
she never does me wrong.
she puts it to me plain as day
and gives it to me for a song.
it's a wicked life but what the hell
the stars ain't falling down.
i'm standing outside the taj mahal
i don't see no one around.
goin' to acapulco
goin' on the run.
goin' down to see fat gut
goin' to have some fun.
yeah goin' to have some fun.
now, whenever i get up
and i ain't got what i see
i just make it down to rose marie's
'bout a quarter after three.
there are worse ways of getting there
and i ain't complainin' none.
if the clouds don't drop and the train don't stop
i'm bound to meet the sun.
goin' to acapulco
goin' on the run.
goin' down to see some girl
goin' to have some fun.
yeah goin' to have some fun.
now, if someone offers me a joke
i just say no thanks.
i try to tell it like it is
and keep away from pranks.
well, sometime you know when the well breaks down
i just go pump on it some.
rose marie, she likes to go to big places
and just set there waitin' for me to come.
goin' to acapulco
goin' on the run.
goin' down to see some girl
goin' to have some fun.
yeah goin' to have some fun."
"i've just reached a place
where the willow don't bend.
there's not much more to be said
it's the top of the end.
i'm going,
i'm going,
i'm gone.
i'm closin' the book
on the pages and the text
and i don't really care
what happens next.
i'm just going,
i'm going,
i'm gone.
i been hangin' on threads,
i been playin' it straight,
now, i've just got to cut loose
before it gets late.
so i'm going,
i'm going,
i'm gone.
grandma said, ""boy, go and follow your heart
and you'll be fine at the end of the line.
all that's gold isn't meant to shine.
don't you and your one true love ever part.""
i been walkin' the road,
i been livin' on the edge,
now, i've just got to go
before i get to the ledge.
so i'm going,
i'm just going,
i'm gone."
"smoky autumn night, stars up in the sky,
i see the sailin' boats across the bay go by.
eucalyptus trees hang above the street
and then i turn my head, for you're approachin' me.
moonlight on the water, fisherman's daughter, floatin' in to my room
with a golden loom.
first we wash our feet near the immortal shrine
and then our shadows meet and then we drink the wine.
i see the hungry clouds up above your face
and then the tears roll down, what a bitter taste.
and then you drift away on a summer's day where the wildflowers bloom
with your golden loom.
i walk across the bridge in the dismal light
where all the cars are stripped between the gates of night.
i see the trembling lion with the lotus flower tail
and then i kiss your lips as i lift your veil.
but you're gone and then all i seem to recall is the smell of perfume
and your golden loom."
"gonna change my way of thinking,
make myself a different set of rules.
gonna change my way of thinking,
make myself a different set of rules.
gonna put my good foot forward,
and stop being influenced by fools.
so much oppression,
can't keep track of it no more.
so much oppression,
can't keep track of it no more.
sons becoming husbands to their mothers,
and old men turning young daughters into whores.
stripes on your shoulders,
stripes on your back and on your hands.
stripes on your shoulders,
stripes on your back and on your hands.
swords piercing your side,
blood and water flowing through the land.
well don't know which one is worse,
doing your own thing or just being cool.
well don't know which one is worse,
doing your own thing or just being cool.
you remember only about the brass ring,
you forget all about the golden rule.
you can mislead a man,
you can take ahold of his heart with your eyes.
you can mislead a man,
you can take ahold of his heart with your eyes.
but there's only one authority,
and that's the authority on high.
i got a god fearing woman,
one i can easily afford.
i got a god fearing woman,
one i can easily afford.
she can do the georgia crawl,
she can walk in the spirit of the lord.
jesus said, ""be ready,
for you know not the hour in which i come.""
jesus said, ""be ready,
for you know not the hour in which i come.""
he said, ""he who is not for me is against me,""
just so you know where he's coming from.
there's a kingdom called heaven,
a place where there is no pain of birth.
there's a kingdom called heaven,
a place where there is no pain of birth.
well the lord created it, mister,
about the same time he made the earth."
"i live on a street named after a saint
women in the churches wear powder and paint
where the jews, and catholics, and the muslims all pray
i can tell they're proddie from a mile away
goodbye jimmy reed, jimmy reed indeed
give me that old time religion, it's just what i need
for thine is kingdom, the power, the glory
go tell it on the mountain, go tell the real story
tell it in that straightforward, puritanical tone
in the mystic hours when a person's alone
goodbye jimmy reed, godspeed
thump on the bible, proclaim a creed
you won't amount to much, the people all said
'cause i didn't play guitar behind my head
never pandered, never acted proud
never took off my shoes, throw 'em in the crowd
goodbye jimmy reed, goodbye, goodnight
put a jewel in your crown and i put out the lights
they threw everything at me, everything in the book
i had nothing to fight
with but a butcher's hook
they had no pity, they never lend a hand
i can't sing a song that i don't understand
goodbye jimmy reed, goodbye, good luck
i can't play the record 'cause my needle got stuck
transparent woman in a transparent dress
suits you well, i must confess
i'll break open your grapes, i'll suck out the juice
i need you like my head needs a noose
goodbye jimmy reed, goodbye and so long
i thought i could resist her but i was so wrong
god be with you, brother dear
if you don't mind me asking what brings you here?
oh, nothing much, i'm just looking for the man
need to see where he's lying in this lost land
goodbye jimmy reed, and everything within ya
can't you hear me calling from down in virginia?"
"mary wore three links of chain,
every link was jesus name,
keep your hand on that plow, hold on,
oh, lord, oh, lord,
keep your hand on that plow, hold on.
mary, mark and luke and john,
all them prophets so good and gone,
keep your hand on that plow, hold on,
oh, lord, oh, lord,
keep your hand on that plow, hold on.
well i never been to heaven, but i've been told,
streets up there are lined with gold,
keep your hand on that plow, hold on,
oh, lord, oh, lord,
keep your hand on that plow, hold on.
oh, lord, oh, lord,
keep your hand on that plow, hold on.
oh, lord, oh, lord,
keep your hand on that plow, hold on."
"don't ever try to change me,
i been in this thing too long.
there's nothin' you can say or do
to make me think i'm wrong.
well, i'm goin' off to libya,
there's a guy i gotta see.
he's been living there three years now,
in an oil refinery.
i've got my mind made up.
oh, i 've got my mind made up.
call your ma in tallahassee
tell her her baby's on the line.
tell her not to worry
everything is gonna be fine.
well, i gave you all my money
all my connections, too.
there ain't nothin' in this world, girl
you can say i didn't give to you.
i've got my mind made up.
i've got my mind made up.
you will be alright, girl,
someone's watchin' over you.
he won't do nothin' to you
baby that i wouldn't do.
well, if you don't want to see me,
look the other way.
you don't have to feed me,
i ain't your dog that's gone astray.
i got my mind made up
i got my mind made up
i got my mind made up
i got my mind made up
i got my mind made up"
"you may be an ambassador to england or france,
you may like to gamble, you might like to dance,
you may be the heavyweight champion of the world,
you may be a socialite with a long string of pearls
but you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
you're gonna have to serve somebody,
well, it may be the devil or it may be the lord
but you're gonna have to serve somebody.
you might be a rock 'n' roll addict prancing on the stage,
you might have drugs at your command, women in a cage,
you may be a business man or some high degree thief,
they may call you doctor or they may call you chief
but you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
you're gonna have to serve somebody,
well, it may be the devil or it may be the lord
but you're gonna have to serve somebody.
you may be a state trooper, you might be a young turk,
you may be the head of some big tv network,
you may be rich or poor, you may be blind or lame,
you may be living in another country under another name
but you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
you're gonna have to serve somebody,
well, it may be the devil or it may be the lord
but you're gonna have to serve somebody.
you may be a construction worker working on a home,
you may be living in a mansion or you might live in a dome,
you might own guns and you might even own tanks,
you might be somebody's landlord, you might even own banks
but you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
you're gonna have to serve somebody,
well, it may be the devil or it may be the lord
but you're gonna have to serve somebody.
you may be a preacher with your spiritual pride,
you may be a city councilman taking bribes on the side,
you may be workin' in a barbershop, you may know how to cut hair,
you may be somebody's mistress, may be somebody's heir
but you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
you're gonna have to serve somebody,
well, it may be the devil or it may be the lord
but you're gonna have to serve somebody.
might like to wear cotton, might like to wear silk,
might like to drink whiskey, might like to drink milk,
you might like to eat caviar, you might like to eat bread,
you may be sleeping on the floor, sleeping in a king sized bed
but you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
you're gonna have to serve somebody,
well, it may be the devil or it may be the lord
but you're gonna have to serve somebody.
you may call me terry, you may call me timmy,
you may call me bobby, you may call me zimmy,
you may call me r.j., you may call me ray,
you may call me anything but no matter what you say
you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
you're gonna have to serve somebody.
well, it may be the devil or it may be the lord
but you're gonna have to serve somebody."
"well the world owns seven wonders as the travellers always tell.
some gardens and some towers, i guess you know them well.
but now the greatest wonder is in uncle sam's fair land.
that king columbia river and the great grand coulee dam.
she come up the canadian rockies where the crystal waters glide,
comes a roaring down the canyon to meet that salty tide
from the great pacific ocean to where the sun sets in the west,
that big grand coulee country in that land i love the best.
in the misty glitter of that wild and windward spray,
men have fought the pounding waters and met a watery grave.
once she tore men's boats to splinters but she gave men dreams to dream,
that day that grand coulee dam went across that wild and restless stream.
oh uncle sam took up the notion in the year of thirty three,
for the factory and the farmer and for all of you and me.
he said: roll it on columbia, you can roll out to the sea
but river, while you're rolling you can do some work for me.
now from washington and oregon you can hear them factories a hum,
making corn and making mangonies lying all over the ground.
always a flying fortress to blast for uncle sam,
that king columbia river and the great grand coulee dam.
well the world owns seven wonders as the travellers always tell.
some gardens and some towers, i guess you know them well.
but now the greatest wonder is in uncle sam's fair land.
that king columbia river and the great grand coulee dam"
"i got to see you baby, i don't care
it may be someplace, baby, you say where.
i had a dream about you, baby
had a dream about you, baby
late last night you come a rollin' across my mind
you got the crazy rhythm when you walk
you make me nervous when you start to talk
i had a dream about you, baby
had a dream about you, baby
late last night you come a rollin' across my mind
standin' on the highway, you flag me down
said, take me daddy, to the nearest town
i had a dream about you, baby
had a dream about you, baby
late last night you come a rollin' across my mind
the joint is jumpin'
it's really somethin'
the beat is pumpin'
my heart is thumpin'
spent my money on you honey
my limbs are shakin'
my heart is breakin'
you kiss me, baby, in the coffee shop
you make me nervous, you gotta stop
i had a dream about you, baby
had a dream about you, baby
late last night you come a rollin' across my mind
you got a rag wrapped around your head
wearing a long dress fire engine red
i had a dream about you, baby
had a dream about you, baby
late last night you come a rollin' across my mind"
"well, i wish i was in london,
or some other seaport town
i'd put my foot on a steamboat
i'd sail the ocean 'round.
while sailing 'round the ocean,
while sailing 'round the sea
i'd think of handsome molly
wherever she might be.
don't you remember, molly
you gave me your right hand?
you said whenever you'd marry
i would be the man.
but you broke your promise
go with whom you please
my poor heart is aching
you are at your ease.
i went to church last sunday
molly came ridin' by
i could tell her mind was changin'
by the rovin' of her eye.
i go down to the river
though everyone's asleep
i think of handsome molly
an' i begin to weep.
so i wish i was in london,
or some other seaport town
i'd put my foot on a steamboat
i'd sail the ocean 'round."
"handy dandy, controversy surrounds him
he been around the world and back again
something in the moonlight still hounds him
handy dandy, just like sugar and candy
handy dandy, if every bone in his body was broken he would never admit it
he got an all girl orchestra and when he says
""strike up the band"", they hit it
handy dandy, handy dandy
bridge #1:
you say, ""what are ya made of?""
he says, ""can you repeat what you said?""
you'll say, ""what are you afraid of?""
he'll say, ""nothin' neither 'live nor dead.""
handy dandy, he got a stick in his hand and a pocket full of money
he says, ""darling, tell me the truth, how much time i got?""
she says, ""you got all the time in the world, honey.""
handy dandy, handy dandy
bridge #2:
he's got that clear crystal fountain
he's got that soft silky skin
he's got that fortress on the mountain
with no doors, no windows, no thieves can break in
handy dandy, sitting with a girl named nancy in a garden feelin' kind of lazy
he says, ""ya want a gun? i'll give you one."" she says, ""boy, you talking crazy.""
handy dandy, just like sugar and candy
handy dandy, pour him another brandy
handy dandy, he got a basket of flowers and a bag full or sorrow
he finishes his drink, he gets up from the table he says,
""okay, boys, i'll see you tomorrow.""
handy dandy, handy dandy, just like sugar and candy
handy dandy, just like sugar and candy"
"1. let us pause in life's pleasures and count its many tears
while we all sup sorrow with the poor.
there's a song that will linger forever in our ears,
oh, hard times, come again no more.
'tis the song, the sigh of the weary.
hard times, hard times, come again no more.
many days you have lingered all around my cabin door.
oh, hard times, come again no more.
2. while we seek mirth and beauty and music light and g**.
there are frail forms fainting at the door.
though their voices are silent, their pleading looks will say.
oh, hard times, come again no more.
'tis the song, the sigh of the weary.
hard times, hard times, come again no more.
many days you have lingered all around my cabin door.
oh, hard times, come again no more.
3. there's pale drooping maiden who foils her life away
with a worn out heart, whose better days are o'er.
though her voice it would be merry, 'tis sighing all the day,
oh, hard times, come again no more.
'tis the song, the sigh of the weary.
hard times, hard times, come again no more.
many days you have lingered all around my cabin door.
oh, hard times, come again no more.
'tis the song, the sigh of the weary.
hard times, hard times, come again no more.
many days you have lingered all around my cabin door.
oh, hard times, come again no more."
"come you ladies and you gentlemen, a listen to my song.
sing it to you right, but you might think it's wrong.
just a little glimpse of a story i'll tell
""bout an east coast city that you all know well.
it's hard times in the city,
livin' down in new york town.
old new york city is a friendly old town,
from washington heights to harlem on down.
there's a mighty many people all millin' all around,
they'll kick you when you're up and knock you when you're down.
it's hard times in the city,
livin' down in new york town.
it's a mighty long ways from the golden gate
to rockefeller plaza n' the empire state.
mister rockefeller sets up as high as a bird,
old mister empire never says a word.
it's hard times from the country,
livin' down in new york town.
well, it's up in the mornin' tryin' to fins a job of work.
stand in one place till your feet begin to hurt.
if you go a lot o' money you can make yourself merry,
if you only got a nickel, it's the staten island ferry.
and it's hard times in the city,
livin' down in new york town.
mister hudson come a sailin' down the stream
and old mister minuet paid for his dream.
bought your city on a one way track,
'f i had my way i'd sell it right back.
and it's hard times in the city,
livin' down in new york town.
i'll take all the smog in cal i for ne ay,
'n' every bit of dust in the oklahoma plains,
'n' the dirt in the caves of the rocky mountain mines.
it's all much cleaner than the new york kind.
and it's hard times in the city,
livin' down in new york town.
so all you newsy people, spread the news around,
you c'n listen to m' story, listen to m' song.
you c'n step on my name, you c'n try 'n' get me beat,
when i leave new york, i'll be standin' on my feet.
and it's hard times in the city,
livin' down in new york town."
"hazel, dirty blonde hair
i wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere.
you got something i want plenty of
ooh, a little touch of your love.
hazel, stardust in your eye
you're goin' somewhere and so am i.
i'd give you the sky high above
ooh, for a little touch of your love.
oh no, i don't need any reminder
to know how much i really care
but it's just making me blinder and blinder
because i'm up on a hill and still you're not there.
hazel, you called and i came,
now don't make me play this waiting game.
you've got something i want plenty of
ooh, a little touch of your love."
"he was a friend of mine
he was a friend of mine
every time i think about him now
lord i just can't keep from cryin'
'cause he was a friend of mine
he died on the road
he died on the road
he never had enough money
to pay his room or board
and he was a friend of mine
i stole away and cried
i stole away and cried
'cause i never had too much money
and i never been quite satisfied
and he was a friend of mine
he never done no wrong
he never done no wrong
a thousand miles from home
and he never harmed no one
and he was a friend of mine
he was a friend of mine
he was a friend of mine
every time i hear his name
lord i just can't keep from cryin'
'cause he was a friend of mine."
"heart of mine be still,
you can play with fire but you'll get the bill.
don't let her know
don't let her know that you love her.
don't be a fool, don't be blind
heart of mine.
heart of mine go back home,
you got no reason to wander, you got no reason to roam.
don't let her see
don't let her see that you need her.
don't put yourself over the line
heart of mine.
heart of mine go back where you been,
it'll only be trouble for you if you let her in.
don't let her hear
don't let her hear you want her.
don't let her know she's so fine
heart of mine.
heart of mine you know that she'll never be true,
she'll only give to others the love that she's gotten from you.
don't let her know
don't let her know where you're going.
don't untie the ties that bind
heart of mine.
heart of mine so malicious and so full of guile,
give you an inch and you'll take a mile.
don't let yourself fall don't let yourself stumble.
if you can't do the time, don't do the crime
heart of mine."
"here comes santa claus! here comes santa claus!
right down santa claus lane!
vixen and blitzen and all his reindeer
are pulling on the reins.
bells are ringing, children singing;
all is merry and bright.
hang your stockings and say your prayers,
'cause santa claus comes tonight.
here comes santa claus! here comes santa claus!
right down santa claus lane!
he's got a bag that is filled with toys
for the boys and girls again.
hear those sleigh bells jingle jangle,
what a beautiful sight.
jump in bed, cover up your head,
'cause santa claus comes tonight."
"well my heart's in the highlands gentle and fair
honeysuckle blooming in the wildwood air
bluebelles blazing, where the aberdeen waters flow
well my heart's in the highland,
i'm gonna go there when i feel good enough to go
windows were shakin' all night in my dreams
everything was exactly the way that it seems
woke up this morning and i looked at the same old page
same ol' rat race
life in the same ol' cage.
i don't want nothing from anyone, ain't that much to take
wouldn't know the difference between a real blonde and a fake
feel like a prisoner in a world of mystery
i wish someone would come
and push back the clock for me
well my heart's in the highlands wherever i roam
that's where i'll be when i get called home
the wind, it whispers to the buckeyed trees in rhyme
well my heart's in the highland,
i can only get there one step at a time.
i'm listening to neil young, i gotta turn up the sound
someone's always yelling turn it down
feel like i'm drifting
drifting from scene the scene
i'm wondering what in the devil could it all possibly mean?
insanity is smashing up against my soul
you can say i was on anything but a roll
if i had a conscience, well i just might blow my top
what would i do with it anyway
maybe take it to the pawn shop
my heart's in the highlands at the break of dawn
by the beautiful lake of the black swan
big white clouds, like chariots that swing down low
well my heart's in the highlands
only place left to go
i'm in boston town, in some restaurant
i got no idea what i want
well, maybe i do but i'm just really not sure
waitress comes over
nobody in the place but me and her
it must be a holiday, there's nobody around
she studies me closely as i sit down
she got a pretty face and long white shiny legs
she says, ""what'll it be?""
i say, ""i don't know, you got any soft boiled eggs?""
she looks at me, says ""i'd bring you some
but we're out of 'm, you picked the wrong time to come""
then she says, ""i know you're an artist, draw a picture of me!""
i say, ""i would if i could, but,
i don't do sketches from memory.""
""well"", she says, ""i'm right here in front of you, or haven't you looked?""
i say,"" all right, i know, but i don't have my drawing book!""
she gives me a napkin, she says, ""you can do it on that""
i say, ""yes i could but,
i don't know where my pencil is at!""
she pulls one out from behind her ear
she says ""all right now, go ahead, draw me, i'm standing right here""
i make a few lines, and i show it for her to see
well she takes a napkin and throws it back
and says ""that don't look a thing like me!""
i said, ""oh, kind miss, it most certainly does""
she says, ""you must be jokin.'"" i say, ""i wish i was!""
then she says, ""you don't read women authors, do you?""
least that's what i think i hear her say,
""well"", i say, ""how would you know and what would it matter anyway?""
""well"", she says, ""you just don't seem like you do!""
i said, ""you're way wrong.""
she says, ""which ones have you read then?"" i say, ""i read erica jong!""
she goes away for a minute and i slide up out of my chair
i step outside back to the busy street, but nobody's going anywhere
well my heart's in the highlands, with the horses and hounds
way up in the border country, far from the towns
with the twang of the arrow and a snap of the bow
my heart's in the highlands
can't see any other way to go
every day is the same thing out the door
feel further away then ever before
some things in life, it gets too late to learn
well, i'm lost somewhere
i must have made a few bad turns
i see people in the park forgetting their troubles and woes
they're drinking and dancing, wearing bright colored clothes
all the young men with their young women looking so good
well, i'd trade places with any of them
in a minute, if i could
i'm crossing the street to get away from a mangy dog
talking to myself in a monologue
i think what i need might be a full length leather coat
somebody just asked me
if i registered to vote
the sun is beginning to shine on me
but it's not like the sun that used to be
the party's over, and there's less and less to say
i got new eyes
everything looks far away
well, my heart's in the highlands at the break of day
over the hills and far away
there's a way to get there, and i'll figure it out somehow
but i'm already there in my mind
and that's good enough for now"
"words and music by bob dylan
highwater risin', rising night and day
all the gold and silver are being stolen away
big joe turner looking east and west from the dark room of his mind
he made it to kansas city, twelfth street and vine
nothin' standing there
highwater everywhere
highwater rising the shacks are sliding down
folks lose their possessions, the folks are leaving town
reformation shook it, broke it, then she hung it on the wall
say you dancin' with whom they tell you to or you don't dance at all
it's tough out there
highwater everywhere
i got a craven love for blazin' speed
i got a hopped up mustang ford
jump into the wagon, love
throw your panties overboard
i can write you poems, make a strong man lose his mind
i'm no pig without a wig, i hope you treat me kind
things are breakin' up out there
highwater everywhere
highwater rising, six inches above my head
coffins droppin' in the street like balloons made out of lead
water poured into vicksburg, don't know what i'm gonna do
don't reach out for me, she said, can't you see i'm drowning too
it's rough out there
highwater everywhere
well, george lewes told the englishman, the italian and the jew
you can't open up your mind, boys, to every conceivable point of view
they got charles darwin trapped out there on highway 5
judge says to the high sheriff, i want them dead or alive
either one, i don't care
highwater everywhere
well, the cuckoo is a pretty bird, she warbles as she flies
i'm preachin' the word of god, i'm puttin' out your eyes
i asked fat nancy for someth'n' to eat, she said take it off the shelf
as great as you are man, you'll never be greater than yourself
i told her i didn't really care
highwater everywhere
i get up in the mornin', i believe i'll dust my broom
keepin' away from the women, i'm givin' them lots of room
thunder rollin' over clarksdale, everythin' a lookin' blue
i just can't be happy, love, unless you're happy too
it's bad out there
highwater everywhere"
"highway 51 runs right by my baby's door
highway 51 runs right by my baby's door
but won't get the girl i'm loving
won't go down highway 51 no more.
well, i know that highway like i know my hand
yes, i know that highway like i know the back of my hand
running from up wisconsin
way down to no man's land.
well, if i should die before my time should come
and if i should die before my time should come
won't you bury my body
out on highway 51?
highway 51 runs right by my baby's door
i said, highway 51 runs right by my baby's door
but won't get the girl i'm loving
won't go down highway 51 no more."
"oh god said to abraham, ""kill me a son""
abe says, ""man, you must be puttin' me on""
god say, ""no."" abe say, ""what?""
god say, ""you can do what you want abe, but
the next time you see me comin' you better run""
well abe says, ""where do you want this killin' done?""
god says, ""out on highway 61.""
well georgia sam he had a bloody nose
welfare department they wouldn't give him no clothes
he asked poor howard where can i go
howard said there's only one place i know
sam said tell me quick man i got to run
0l' howard just pointed with his gun
and said that way down on highway 61.
well mack the finger said to louie the king
i got forty red white and blue shoe strings
and a thousand telephones that don't ring
do you know where i can get rid of these things
and louie the king said let me think for a minute son
and he said yes i think it can be easily done
just take everything down to highway 61.
now the fifth daughter on the twelfth night
told the first father that things weren't right
my complexion she said is much too white
he said come here and step into the light he says hmm
you're right
let me tell the second mother this has been done
but the second mother was with the seventh son
and they were both out on highway 61.
now the rovin' gambler he was very bored
he was tryin' to create a next world war
he found a promoter who nearly fell off the floor
he said i never engaged in this kind of thing before
but yes i think it can be very easily done
we'll just put some bleachers out in the sun
and have it on highway 61."
"words and music by bob dylan
well, i'm stranded in the city that never sleeps
some of these women they just give me the creeps
i'm avoidin' the south side the best i can
these memories i got they can strangle a man
well, i came ashore in the dead of the night
lot of things can get in the way when you're tryin' to do what's right
you don't understand it, my feelin' for you
you'd be honest with me if you only knew
i'm not sorry for nothing i've done
i'm glad i fought, i only wish we'd won
the siamese twins are comin' to town
people can't wait, they've gathered around
when i left my home the sky split open wide
i never wanted to go back there, i'd rather have died
you don't understand it, my feelin' for you
you'd be honest with me if only you knew
my woman got a face like a teddy bear
she's tossin' a baseball bat in the air
the meat is so tough you can't cut it with a sword
i'm crashin' my car trunk first into the board
they say that my eyes are pretty and my smile is nice
well, i'd sell it to ya at a reduced price
you don't understand it, my feeling for you
you'd be honest with me if only you knew
some things are too terrible to be true,
i won't come here no more if it's botherin' you
there's a southern pacific leaving at 9:45
i'm havin' a hard time, believin' some people would ever arrive
i'm stark naked but i don't care
i'm goin' off into the woods i'm hunt'n' bare
you don't understand it, my feeling for you
well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew
i'm here to create the new imperial empire
i'm gonna do whatever circumstances require
i care so much for you, didn't think i could
i can't tell my heart that you're no good
well, my parents, they warned me not to risk my years
and i still got their advice oozing out of my ears
you don't understand it, my feeling for you
well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew"
"honey, just allow me one more chance
to get along with you
honey, just allow me one more chance
ah'll do anything with you
well, i'm a walkin' down the road
with my head in my hand
i'm lookin' for a woman
needs a worried man
just a one kind favor i ask you
'low me just a one more chance
honey, just allow me one more chance
to ride your aeroplane
honey, just allow me one more chance
to ride your passenger train
well, i've been lookin' all over
for a gal like you
i can't find nobody
so you'll have to do
just a one kind favor i ask you
'low me just a one more chance
honey, just allow me one more chance
to get along with you
honey, just allow me one more chance
ah'll do anything with you
well, lookin' for a woman
that ain't got no man
is just lookin' for a needle
that is lost in the sand
just a one kind favor i ask you
'low me just a one more chance"
"well met, well met, my own true love
well met, well met, cried she
i've just returned from the salt, salt sea
and it's all for the love of thee
i could have married a king's daughter there
she would have married me
but i have forsaken my king's daughter there
it's all for the love of thee
well, if you could have married a king's daughter there
i'm sure you're the one to blame
for i am married to a house carpenter
and i'm sure he's a fine young man
forsake, forsake your house carpenter
and come away with me
i'll take you where the green grass grows
on the shores of sunny italy
so up she picked her babies three
and gave them kisses, one, two, three
saying ""take good care of your daddy while i'm gone
and keep him good company.""
well, they were sailin' about two weeks
i'm sure it was not three
when the younger of the girls, she came on deck
sayin' she wants company
""well, are you weepin' for your house and home?
or are you weepin' for your babies three?""
""well, i'm not weepin' for my house carpenter
i'm weepin' for my babies three.""
oh what are those hills yonder, my love
they look as white as snow
those are the hill of heaven, my love
you and i'll never know
oh what are those hills yonder, my love
they look as dark as night
those are the hills of hell fire my love
where you and i will unite
oh twice around went the gallant ship
i'm sure it was not three
when the ship all of a sudden, it sprung a leak
and it drifted to the bottom of the sea"
"there is a house down in new orleans
they call the risin' sun
and it's been the ruin of many a poor girl
and me, oh god, i'm a one
my mother was a tailor
she sewed these new blue jeans
my sweetheart was a gambler, lord
down in new orleans
now the only thing a gambler needs
is a suitcase and a trunk
and the only time he's satisfied
is when he's on a drunk
he fills his glasses up to the brim
and he'll pass the cards around
and the only pleasure he gets out of life
is ramblin' from town to town
oh tell my baby sister
not to do what i have done
but shun that house in new orleans
they call the risin' sun
well, it's one foot on the platform
and the other foot on the train
i'm goin' back to new orleans
to wear that ball and chain
i'm a goin' back to new orleans
my race is almost run
i'm goin' back to end my life
down in the risin' sun
there is a house in new orleans
they call the risin' sun
it's been the ruin of many poor girl
and me, oh god, i'm a one"
"well i wandered alone
through a desert of stone
and i dreamt of my future wife
my sword's in my hand
and i'm next in command
in this version of death called life
my plate and my cup
are right straight up
i took a rose from the hand of a child
when i kiss your lips
the honey drips
i'm gonna have to put you down for a while
every day we meet
on any old street
and you're in your girlish prime
the short and the tall
are coming to the ball
i go there all the time
behind every tree
there's something to see
the river is wider than a mile
i tried you twice
you can't be nice
i'm gonna have to put you down for a while
here come the nurse
with money in her purse
here come the ladies and men
you push it all in
and you've no chance to win
you play 'em on down to the end
i'm laying in the sand
getting a sunshine tan
moving along, riding in style
from my toes to my head
you knock me dead
i'm gonna have to put you down for a while
i count the years
and i shed no tears
i'm blinded to what might have been
nature's voice
makes my heart rejoice
play me the wild song of the wind
i found hopeless love
in the room above
when the sun and the weather were riled
you're as fine as wine
i ain't handing you no line
i'm gonna have to put you down for a while
all the merry little elves
can go hang themselves
my faith is as cold as can be
i'm stacked high to the roof
and i'm not without proof
if you don't believe me, come see
you think i'm blue
i think so, too
in my words you'll find no guile
the game's gotten old
the deck's gone cold
and i'm gonna have to
put you down for a while
the game's gotten old
the deck's gone cold
and i'm gonna have to
put you down for a while"
"i am a lonesome hobo
without family or friends,
where another man's life might begin,
that's exactly where mine ends.
i have tried my hand at bribery,
blackmail and deceit,
and i've served time for ev'rything
'cept beggin' on the street.
well, once i was rather prosperous,
there was nothing i did lack.
i had fourteen karat gold in my mouth
and silk upon my back.
but i did not trust my brother,
i carried him to blame,
which led me to my fatal doom,
to wander off in shame.
kind ladies and kind gentlemen,
soon i will be gone,
but let me just warn you all,
before i do pass on;
stay free from petty jealousies,
live by no man's code,
and hold your judgment for yourself
lest you wind up on this road."
"been so long since a strange woman has slept in my bed.
look how sweet she sleeps, how free must be her dreams.
in another lifetime she must have owned the world, or been faithfully wed
to some righteous king who wrote psalms beside moonlit streams.
i and i
in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives.
i and i
one says to the other, no man sees my face and lives.
think i'll go out and go for a walk,
not much happenin' here, nothin' ever does.
besides, if she wakes up now, she'll just want me to talk
i got nothin' to say, 'specially about whatever was.
i and i
in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives.
i and i
one says to the other, no man sees my face and lives.
took an untrodden path once, where the swift don't win the race,
it goes to the worthy, who can divide the word of truth.
took a stranger to teach me, to look into justice's beautiful face
and to see an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
i and i
in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives.
i and i
one says to the other, no man sees my face and lives.
outside of two men on a train platform there's nobody in sight,
they're waiting for spring to come, smoking down the track.
the world could come to an end tonight, but that's all right.
she should still be there sleepin' when i get back.
i and i
in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives.
i and i
one says to the other, no man sees my face and lives.
noontime, and i'm still pushin' myself along the road, the darkest part,
into the narrow lanes, i can't stumble or stay put.
someone else is speakin' with my mouth, but i'm listening only to my heart.
i've made shoes for everyone, even you, while i still go barefoot.
i and i
in creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives.
i and i
one says to the other, no man sees my face and lives."
"they ask me how i feel
and if my love is real
and how i know i'll make it through.
and they, they look at me and frown,
they'd like to drive me from this town,
they don't want me around
'cause i believe in you.
they show me to the door,
they say don't come back no more
'cause i don't be like they'd like me to,
and i walk out on my own
a thousand miles from home
but i don't feel alone
'cause i believe in you.
i believe in you even through the tears and the laughter,
i believe in you even though we be apart.
i believe in you even on the morning after.
oh, when the dawn is nearing
oh, when the night is disappearing
oh, this feeling is still here in my heart.
don't let me drift too far,
keep me where you are
where i will always be renewed.
and that which you've given me today
is worth more than i could pay
and no matter what they say
i believe in you.
i believe in you when winter turn to summer,
i believe in you when white turn to black,
i believe in you even though i be outnumbered.
oh, though the earth may shake me
oh, though my friends forsake me
oh, even that couldn't make me go back.
don't let me change my heart,
keep me set apart
from all the plans they do pursue.
and i, i don't mind the pain
don't mind the driving rain
i know i will sustain
'cause i believe in you."
"well i go get broke down, before i bust down
gotta get in without a broken heart well
get a hoe down before a low down
before my guilt is acid hot
well every single morning
i can't take it no more
well if you with a heartache
go down baby
she don't care about that us apart
well she gonna have 'em, but she won't invite me
but i can't come in with a broken heart
i hold down, can't come down
is comin' in without a broken heart
well you cheated, showed her down
but i don't come around
o when she'll take ya tear us apart"
"today, tomorrow, and yesterday, too
the flowers are dyin' like all things do
follow me close, i'm going to balian bali
i'll lose my mind if you don't come with me
i fuss with my hair, and i fight blood feuds
i contain multitudes
got a tell tale heart, like mr. poe
got skeletons in the walls of people you know
i'll drink to the truth and the things we said
i'll drink to the man that shares your bed
i paint landscapes, and i paint nudes
i contain multitudes
red cadillac and a black mustache
rings on my fingers that sparkle and flash
tell me, what's next? what shall we do?
half my soul, baby, belongs to you
i relic and i frolic with all the young dudes
i contain multitudes
i'm just like anne frank, like indiana jones
and them british bad boys, the rolling stones
i go right to the edge, i go right to the end
i go right where all things lost are made good again
i sing the songs of experience like william blake
i have no apologies to make
everything's flowing all at the same time
i live on the boulevard of crime
i drive fast cars, and i eat fast foods
i contain multitudes
pink petal pushers, red blue jeans
all the pretty maids, and all the old queens
all the old queens from all my past lives
i carry four pistols and two large knives
i'm a man of contradictions
i'm a man of many moods
i contain multitudes
you greedy old wolf, i'll show you my heart
but not all of it, only the hateful part
i'll sell you down the river, i'll put a price on your head
what more can i tell you?
i sleep with life and death in the same bed
get lost, madame, get up off my knee
keep your mouth away from me
i'll keep the path open, the path in my mind
i'll see to it that there's no love left behind
i'll play beethoven's sonatas, and chopin's preludes
i contain multitudes"
"i can't understand,
she let go of my hand
an' left me here facing the wall.
i'd sure like t' know
why she did go,
but i can't get close t' her at all.
though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime,
she said she would never forget.
but now mornin's clear,
it's like i ain't here,
she just acts like we never have met.
it's all new t' me,
like some mystery,
it could even be like a myth.
yet it's hard t' think on,
that she's the same one
that last night i was with.
from darkness, dreams're deserted,
am i still dreamin' yet?
i wish she'd unlock
her voice once an' talk,
'stead of acting like we never have met.
if she ain't feelin' well,
then why don't she tell
'stead of turnin' her back t' my face?
without any doubt,
she seems too far out
for me t' return t' her chase.
though the night ran swirling an' whirling,
i remember her whispering yet.
but evidently she don't
an' evidently she won't,
she just acts like we never have met.
if i didn't have t' guess,
i'd gladly confess
t' anything i might've tried.
if i was with 'er too long
or have done something wrong,
i wish she'd tell me what it is, i'll run an' hide.
though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played,
her mouth was watery and wet.
but now something has changed
for she ain't the same,
she just acts like we never have met.
i'm leavin' today,
i'll be on my way
of this i can't say very much.
but if you want me to,
i can be just like you
an' pretend that we never have touched.
an' if anybody asks me, ""is it easy to forget?""
i'll say, ""it's easily done,
you just pick anyone,
an' pretend that you never have met!"""
"i don't hurt anymore
all my teardrops are dry
no more walking the floor
with that burning inside
just to think it could be
time has opened the door
and at last i am free
i don't hurt anymore
oh, you still deny
i wanted to die
the day taht you said we were through
but now that i find
you're out of my mind
i can't believe that it's true
i forgot it somehow
that i cancelled before
and it's wonderful now
i don't hurt anymore
no use to deny
i wanted to die
the day that you said we were through
but now that i find
you're out of my mind
i can't believe that it's true
i forgot it somehow
that i cancelled before
and it's wonderful now
i don't hurt anymore"
"i dreamed i saw st. augustine,
alive as you or me,
tearing through these quarters
in the utmost misery,
with a blanket underneath his arm
and a coat of solid gold,
searching for the very souls
whom already have been sold.
""arise, arise,"" he cried so loud,
in a voice without restraint,
""come out, ye gifted kings and queens
and hear my sad complaint.
no martyr is among ye now
whom you can call your own,
so go on your way accordingly
but know you're not alone.""
i dreamed i saw st. augustine,
alive with fiery breath,
and i dreamed i was amongst the ones
that put him out to death.
oh, i awoke in anger,
so alone and terrified,
i put my fingers against the glass
and bowed my head and cried."
"well, i'm looking the world over
looking far off into the east
and i see my baby coming
she's walking whith the village priest
i feel a change comin' on
and the last part of the days
already gone
we got so much in common
we strive for the same old ends
and i just can't wait
wait for us to become friends
i feel a change comin' on
and the fourth part of the day's already
gone
well, life is for love
and they say that love is blind
if you wanna live easy
baby, pack your clothes with mine
i feel a change comin' on
and the fourth part of the day's already
gone
well,now what's the use of dreaming'?
you got better thing to do
dreams never did work for me anyway
even when they did come true
you are as whorish as ever
baby, you can't start a fire
i must be losin' my mind
you're the object of my desire
i feel a change comin' on
and the fourth part of the day's already
gone
i'm listening to billy joe shaver
and i'm reading james joyce
some people, they tell me
i've got the blood of the land in my voice
everybody got all the money
everybody got all the beautiful clothes
everybody got all the flowers
i don't have one single rose
i feel a change comin' on
and the fourth part of the day's already
gone"
"well, i took me a woman late last night,
i's three fourths drunk, she looked uptight.
she took off her wheel, took off her bell,
took off her wig, said, ""how do i smell?""
i hot footed it . . bare naked . .
out the window!
well, sometimes i might get drunk,
walk like a duck and stomp like a skunk.
don't hurt me none, don't hurt my pride
'cause i got my little lady right by my side.
(right there
proud as can be)
i's out there paintin' on the old woodshed
when a can a black paint it fell on my head.
i went down to scrub and rub
but i had to sit in back of the tub.
(cost a quarter
and i had to get out quick . .
someone wanted to come in and take a sauna)
well, my telephone rang it would not stop,
it's president kennedy callin' me up.
he said, ""my friend, bob, what do we need to make the country grow?""
i said, ""my friend, john, brigitte bardot,
anita ekberg, sophia loren.""
well, i got a woman sleeps on a cot,
she yells and hollers and squeals a lot.
licks my face and tickles my ear,
bends me over and buys me beer.
(she's a honeymooner
a june crooner
a spoon feeder
and a natural leader)
oh, there ain't no use in me workin' so heavy,
i got a woman who works on the levee.
pumping that water up to her neck,
every week she sends me a monthly check.
(she's a humdinger
folk singer
dead ringer
for a thing a muh jigger)
late one day in the middle of the week,
eyes were closed i was half asleep.
i chased me a woman up the hill,
right in the middle of an air raid drill.
it was little bo peep!
(i jumped a fallout shelter
i jumped a bean stalk
i jumped a ferris wheel)
now, the man on the stand he wants my vote,
he's a runnin' for office on the ballot note.
he's out there preachin' in front of the steeple,
tellin' me he loves all kinds a people.
(he's eatin' bagels
he's eatin' pizza
he's eatin' chitlins
he's eatin' bullshit!)
oh, set me down on a television floor,
i'll flip the channel to number four.
out of the shower comes a grown up man
with a bottle of hair oil in his hand.
(it's that greasy kid stuff.
what i want to know, mr. football man, is
what do you do about willy mays and yul brynner,
charles de gaulle
and robert louis stevenson?)
well, the funniest woman i ever seen
was the great granddaughter of mr. clean.
she takes about fifteen baths a day,
wants me to grow a cigar on my face.
well, ask me why i'm drunk alla time,
it levels my head and eases my mind.
i just walk along and stroll and sing,
i see better days and i do better things.
(i catch dinosaurs
i make love to elizabeth taylor . .
catch hell from richard burton!)"
"i'm just average, common too
i'm just like him, the same as you
i'm everybody's brother and son
i ain't different from anyone
it ain't no use a talking to me
it's just the same as talking to you.
i was shadow boxing earlier in the day
i figured i was ready for cassius clay
i said ""fee, fie, fo, fum, cassius clay, here i come
26, 27, 28, 29, i'm gonna make your face look just like mine
five, four, three, two, one, cassius clay you'd better run
99, 100, 101, 102, your ma won't even recognize you
14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, gonna knock him clean right out of his spleen.""
well, i don't know, but i've been told
the streets in heaven are lined with gold
i ask you how things could get much worse
if the russians happen to get up there first.
wowee' pretty scary!
now, i'm liberal, but to a degree
i want ev'rybody to be free
but if you think that i'll let barry goldwater
move in next door and marry my daughter
you must think i'm crazy!
i wouldn't let him do it for all the farms in cuba.
well, i set my monkey on the log
and ordered him to do the dog
he wagged his tail and shook his head
and he went and did the cat instead
he's a weird monkey, very funky.
i sat with my high heeled sneakers on
waiting to play tennis in the noonday sun
i had my white shorts rolled up past my waist
and my wig hat was falling in my face
but they wouldn't let me on the tennis court.
i gotta woman, she's so mean
she sticks my boots in the washing machine
sticks me with buckshot when i'm nude
puts bubblegum in my food
she's funny, wants my money, calls me ""honey.""
now i gotta friend who spends his life
stabbing my picture with a bowie knife
dreams of strangling me with a scarf
when my name comes up he pretends to barf.
i've got a million friends!
now they asked me to read a poem
at the sorority sister's home
i got knocked down and my head was swimmin'
i wound up with the dean of women
yippee! i'm a poet, and i know it.
hope i don't blow it.
i'm gonna grow my hair down to my feet so strange
so i look like a walking mountain range
and i'm gonna ride into omaha on a horse
out to the country club and the golf course.
carry the new york times, shoot a few holes, blow their minds.
now you're probably wondering by now
just what this song is all about
what's probably got you baffled more
is what this thing here is for.
it's nothing
it's something i learned over in england."
"they say ev'rything can be replaced,
yet ev'ry distance is not near.
so i remember ev'ry face
of ev'ry man who put me here.
i see my light come shining
from the west unto the east.
any day now, any day now,
i shall be released.
they say ev'ry man needs protection,
they say ev'ry man must fall.
yet i swear i see my reflection
some place so high above this wall.
i see my light come shining
from the west unto the east.
any day now, any day now,
i shall be released.
standing next to me in this lonely crowd,
is a man who swears he's not to blame.
all day long i hear him shout so loud,
crying out that he was framed.
i see my light come shining
from the west unto the east.
any day now, any day now,
i shall be released."
"i once held her in my arms,
she said she would always stay.
but i was cruel,
i treated her like a fool,
i threw it all away.
once i had mountains in the palm of my hand,
and rivers that ran through ev'ry day.
i must have been mad,
i never knew what i had,
until i threw it all away.
love is all there is, it makes the world go 'round,
love and only love, it can't be denied.
no matter what you think about it
you just won't be able to do without it.
take a tip from one who's tried.
so if you find someone that gives you all of her love,
take it to your heart, don't let it stray,
for one thing that's certain,
you will surely be a hurtin',
if you throw it all away."
"well, the rainman comes with his magic wand
and the judge says, ""mona can't have no bond.""
and the walls collide, mona cries,
and the rainman leaves in the wolfman's disguise.
i wanna be your lover, baby, i wanna be your man.
i wanna be your lover, baby,
i don't wanna be hers, i wanna be yours.
well, the undertaker in his midnight suit
says to the masked man, ""ain't you cute!""
well, the mask man he gets up on the shelf
and he says, ""you ain't so bad yourself.""
i wanna be your lover, baby, i wanna be your man.
i wanna be your lover, baby,
i don't wanna be hers, i wanna be yours.
well, jumpin' judy can't go no higher.
she had bullets in her eyes, and they fire.
rasputin he's so dignified,
he touched the back of her head an' he died.
i wanna be your lover, baby, i wanna be your man.
i wanna be your lover, baby,
i don't wanna be hers, i wanna be yours.
well, phaedra with her looking glass,
stretchin' out upon the grass.
she gets all messed up and she faints
that's 'cause she's so obvious and you ain't.
i wanna be your lover, baby, i wanna be your man.
i wanna be your lover, baby,
i don't wanna be hers, i wanna be yours."
"the guilty undertaker sighs,
the lonesome organ grinder cries,
the silver saxophones say i should refuse you.
the cracked bells and washed out horns
blow into my face with scorn,
but it's not that way,
i wasn't born to lose you.
i want you, i want you,
i want you so bad,
honey, i want you.
the drunken politician leaps
upon the street where mothers weep
and the saviors who are fast asleep,
they wait for you.
and i wait for them to interrupt
me drinkin' from my broken cup
and ask me to
open up the gate for you.
i want you, i want you,
yes, i want you so bad,
honey, i want you.
now all my fathers, they've gone down
true love they've been without it.
but all their daughters put me down
'cause i don't think about it.
well, i return to the queen of spades
and talk with my chambermaid.
she knows that i'm not afraid
to look at her.
she is good to me
and there's nothing she doesn't see.
she knows where i'd like to be
but it doesn't matter.
i want you, i want you,
yes, i want you so bad,
honey, i want you.
now your dancing child with his chinese suit,
he spoke to me, i took his flute.
no, i wasn't very cute to him,
was i?
but i did it because he lied
because he took you for a ride
and because time was on his side
and because i . .
i want you, i want you,
yes, i want you so bad,
honey, i want you."
"close your eyes, close the door,
you don't have to worry any more.
i'll be your baby tonight.
shut the light, shut the shade,
you don't have to be afraid.
i'll be your baby tonight.
well, that mockingbird's gonna sail away,
we're gonna forget it.
that big, fat moon is gonna shine like a spoon,
but we're gonna let it,
you won't regret it.
kick your shoes off, do not fear,
bring that bottle over here.
i'll be your baby tonight."
"you will search, babe,
at any cost.
but how long, babe,
can you search for what's not lost?
ev'rybody will help you,
some people are very kind.
but if i can save you any time,
come on, give it to me,
i'll keep it with mine.
i can't help it
if you might think i'm odd,
if i say i'm not loving you for what you are
but for what you're not.
everybody will help you
discover what you set out to find.
but if i can save you any time,
come on, give it to me,
i'll keep it with mine.
the train leaves
at half past ten,
but it'll be back tomorrow,
same time again.
the conductor he's weary,
he's still stuck on the line.
but if i can save you any time,
come on, give it to me,
i'll keep it with mine."
"i'm a fool to want you
i'm a fool to want you
to want a love that can't be true
a love that's there for others too
i'm a fool to hold you
such a fool to hold you
to seek a kiss, not mine alone
to share a kiss that devil has known
time and time again i said i'd leave you
time and time again i went away
but then would come the time when i would need you
and once again these words i'll have to say
take me back, i love you
pity me, i need you
i know it's wrong, it must be wrong
but right or wrong, i can't get along without you"
"ev'ry thing's all right
and then she's all the time in my neighborhood
she cries both day and night
i know because it was there
it's a milestone but she's down on her luck
and the day makes her lonely
and it's so hard to buck, i was there
i believe that she'd stop him if she would start to care
i believe that she'd look upon this side
and t' care and i'd go by the something
when she's on my way, but i don't belong there
no i don't belong to her
i don't belong to anybody
she's my prize forsaken angel
but she don't care she cries
she's a lone hearted mystic and she can carry on
when i'm there, she's all right
but she's not when i'm gone
heaven knows that the answer she's don't call in no one
she's a wave, a thing, beautiful she's mine for the one
and i'm also hesitating by temptation lest it runs
which it don't follow me
but i'm not there, i'm gone
now i'll cry tonight, like i cried the night before
and i'll feast on her eyes
but i'll dream about the door
so long, jesus, savior, blind faith worth to tell
it don't have consolation she's my
i was born to love her
but she knows that the kingdom waits so high above her
and i run but i race
but it's not too fast a pace
of cource i'll not deceive her
i'm not there, i'm gone
it's all about confusion and i cry for her"
"i'm your teenage prayer
take a look at me baby
i am a teenage prayer
when it's cloudy all the time
all you gotta do is
take a look at me baby
i am your teenage prayer
take a look at me baby
i am your teenage prayer
take a look and when it's cloudy all the time
all you gotta do is say you're mine
i come runnin' anywhere
take a look at me baby
i'm your teenage prayer
take a look at me baby
i'm your teenage dream
take a look at me baby
i'm your teenage dream
when it's rainy in your heart
just come to me and start
tell me how i do and cheer
oh, just come and take a look at me baby
i'm your teenage prayer
well oh, let it rain
for any dime just come and see my face
any time you just got to read my lines
i won't give you any respect
oh, no
take a look at me baby
i'm your teenage prayer
come and take a look at me baby
i'm your teenage prayer
when it's cloudy all the time
all you gotta do is say you're mine
i come runnin' anywhere
take a look at me baby
i'm your teenage prayer
yes i'm your teenage prayer
you might think i'm not
somebody might think i'm nowhere
but i'm here to tell you i'm your teenage prayer
i know what you need
i can feel it in my bones and i feel it on my throne
you're my teenage prayer
any day any night
you just come to me when you're in fright
and i'm your teenage prayer
take a look at me baby
i'm your teenage prayer
take a look at me baby
i'm your teenage prayer
when it's cloudy all the time
all you gotta do is say you're mine
'cause i come runnin' to you anywhere
oh, yeah, oh you're so real
take a look at me baby
i'm your teenage prayer"
"i'm sittin' on my terrace, lost in the stars
listening to the sounds of the sad guitars
been thinking it all over and i've thought it all through
i've made up my mind to give myself to you
i saw the first fall of snow
i saw the flowers come and go
i don't think that anyone ever has ever knew
i've made up my mind to give myself to you
i'm giving myself to you, i am
from salt lake city to birmingham
from east l. a. to san antone
i don't think i can bear to live my life alone
my eye's like a shooting star
it looks at nothin' here or there, looks at nothin' near of far
no one ever told me, it's just something i knew
i've made up my mind to give myself to you
if i had the wings of a snow white dove
i'd preach the gospel, the gospel of love
a love so real, a love so true
i've made up my mind to give myself to you
take me on traveling, you're a traveling man
show me something i don't understand
i'm not what i was, things aren't what they were
i'll go far away from home with her
i've traveled a long road of despair
i've met no other traveler there
lot of people gone, a lot of people i knew
i've made up my mind to give myself to you
well, my heart's like a river, a river that sings
just takes me a while to realize things
i've seen the sunrise, i've seen the dawn
i'll lay down beside you when everyone's gone
i've traveled from the mountains to the sea
i hope that the gods go easy with me
i knew you'd say yes, i'm saying it too
i've made up my mind to give myself to you"
"someone's got it in for me,
they're planting stories in the press
whoever it is
i wish they'd cut it out
but when they will i can only guess.
they say i shot a man named gray
and took his wife to italy,
she inherited a million bucks
and when she died it came to me.
i can't help it if i'm lucky.
people see me all the time
and they just can't remember how to act
their minds are filled with big ideas,
images and distorted facts.
even you, yesterday
you had to ask me where it was at,
i couldn't believe
after all these years,
you didn't know me better than that
sweet lady.
idiot wind,
blowing every time you move your mouth,
blowing down the backroads headin' south.
idiot wind,
blowing every time you move your teeth,
you're an idiot, babe.
it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.
i ran into the fortune teller,
who said beware of lightning that might strike
i haven't known peace and quiet for so long
i can't remember what it's like.
there's a lone soldier on the cross
smoke pourin' out of a boxcar door
you didn't know it,
you didn't think it could be done,
in the final end he won the wars
after losin' every battle.
i woke up on the roadside,
daydreamin' 'bout the way things sometimes are
visions of your chestnut mare
shoot through my head
and are makin' me see stars
you hurt the ones that i love best
and cover up the truth with lies.
one day you'll be in the ditch,
flies buzzin' around your eyes,
blood on your saddle.
idiot wind,
blowing through the flowers on your tomb,
blowing through the curtains in your room.
idiot wind,
blowing every time you move your teeth,
you're an idiot, babe.
it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.
it was gravity which pulled us down
and destiny which broke us apart
you tamed the lion in my cage
but it just wasn't enough to change my heart.
now everything's a little upside down,
as a matter of fact the wheels have stopped,
what's good is bad, what's bad is good,
you'll find out when you reach the top
you're on the bottom.
i noticed at the ceremony,
your corrupt ways had finally made you blind
i can't remember your face anymore,
your mouth has changed
your eyes don't look into mine.
the priest wore black on the seventh day
and sat stone faced while
the building burned.
i waited for you on the running boards,
near the cypress trees,
while the springtime turned slowly into autumn.
idiot wind,
blowing like a circle around my skull,
from the grand coulee dam to the capitol.
idiot wind,
blowing every time you move your teeth,
you're an idiot, babe.
it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.
i can't feel you anymore,
i can't even touch the books you've read
every time i crawl past your door,
i been wishin' i was somebody else instead.
down the highway, down the tracks,
down the road to ecstasy,
i followed you beneath the stars,
hounded by your memory
and all your ragin' glory.
i been double crossed now for the very last time
and now i'm finally free,
i kissed goodbye
the howling beast on the borderline
which separated you from me.
you'll never know the hurt
i suffered nor the pain i rise above,
and i'll never know the same about you,
your holiness or your kind of love,
and it makes me feel so sorry.
idiot wind,
blowing through the buttons of our coats,
blowing through the letters that we wrote.
idiot wind,
blowing through the dust upon our shelves,
we're idiots, babe.
it's a wonder we can even feed ourselves."
"if dogs run free, then why not we
across the swooping plain?
my ears hear a symphony
of two mules, trains and rain.
the best is always yet to come,
that's what they explain to me.
just do your thing, you'll be king,
if dogs run free.
if dogs run free, why not me
across the swamp of time?
my mind weaves a symphony
and tapestry of rhyme.
oh, winds which rush my tale to thee
so it may flow and be,
to each his own, it's all unknown,
if dogs run free.
if dogs run free, then what must be,
must be, and that is all.
true love can make a blade of grass
stand up straight and tall.
in harmony with the cosmic sea,
true love needs no company,
it can cure the soul, it can make it whole,
if dogs run free."
"if not for you,
babe, i couldn't find the door,
couldn't even see the floor,
i'd be sad and blue,
if not for you.
if not for you,
babe, i'd lay awake all night,
wait for the mornin' light
to shine in through,
but it would not be new,
if not for you.
if not for you
my sky would fall,
rain would gather too.
without your love i'd be nowhere at all,
i'd be lost if not for you,
and you know it's true.
if not for you
my sky would fall,
rain would gather too.
without your love i'd be nowhere at all,
oh! what would i do
if not for you.
if not for you,
winter would have no spring,
couldn't hear the robin sing,
i just wouldn't have a clue,
anyway it wouldn't ring true,
if not for you."
"if you ever go to houston
better walk right
keep your hands in your pockets
and your gun belt tight
you'll be asking for trouble
if you're lookin' for a fight
if you ever go to houston
boy, you better walk right
if you're ever down there
on bagby and lamar
you better watch out for
the man with the shining star
better know where you're going
or stay where you are
if you're ever down there
on bagby and lamar
i know these streets
i've been here before
i nearly got killed here
during the mexican war
something always
keeps me coming back for more
i know these streets
i've been here before
if you ever go to dallas
say hello to mary anne
say i'm still pullin' on the trigger
hangin' on the best i can
if you see her sister lucy
say i'm sorry i'm not there
tell her other sister betsy
to pray the sinner's prayer
i got a restless fever
burnin' in my brain
got to keep ridin' forward
can't spoil the game
the same way i leave here
will be the way that i came
got a restless fever
burnin' in my brain
mr. policeman
can you help me find my gal
last time i saw her
was at the magnolia hotel
if you help me find her
you can be my pal
mr. policeman
can you help me find my gal
if you ever go to austin
fort worth or san antone
find the bar rooms i got lost in
and send my memories home
put my tears in a bottle
screw the top on tight
if you ever go to houston
you better walk right"
"listen to me, baby,
there's something you must see.
i want to be with you, gal,
if you want to be with me.
but if you got to go,
it's all right.
but if you got to go, go now,
or else you gotta stay all night.
it ain't that i'm questionin' you.
to take part in any quiz.
it's just that i ain't got no watch
an' you keep askin' me what time it is.
but if you got to go,
it's all right.
but if you got to go, go now,
or else you gotta stay all night.
i am just a poor boy, baby,
lookin' to connect.
but i certainly don't want you thinkin'
that i ain't got any respect.
but if you got to go,
it's all right.
but if you got to go, go now,
or else you gotta stay all night.
you know i'd have nightmares
and a guilty conscience, too,
if i kept you from anything
that you really wanted to do.
but if you got to go,
it's all right.
but if you got to go, go now,
or else you gotta stay all night.
it ain't that i'm wantin'
anything you never gave before.
it's just that i'll be sleepin' soon,
it'll be too dark for you to find the door.
but if you got to go,
it's all right.
but if you got to go, go now,
or else you gotta stay all night."
"if you see her, say hello, she might be in tangier
she left here last early spring, is livin' there, i hear
say for me that i'm all right though things get kind of slow
she might think that i've forgotten her, don't tell her it isn't so.
we had a falling out, like lovers often will
and to think of how she left that night, it still brings me a chill
and though our separation, it pierced me to the heart
she still lives inside of me, we've never been apart.
if you get close to her, kiss her once for me
i always have respected her for doing what she did and gettin' free
oh, whatever makes her happy, i won't stand in the way
though the bitter taste still lingers on from the night i tried to make her stay.
i see a lot of people as i make the rounds
and i hear her name here and there as i go from town to town
and i've never gotten used to it, i've just learned to turn it off
either i'm too sensitive or else i'm gettin' soft.
sundown, yellow moon, i replay the past
i know every scene by heart, they all went by so fast
if she's passin' back this way, i'm not that hard to find
tell her she can look me up if she's got the time."
"well, in my time of dying
don't want nobody to mourn
all i want for you
to do is take my body home
well, well, well, so i can die easy
well, well, well
well, well, well, so i can die easy
jesus gonna make up, jesus gonna make up
jesus gonna make up my dying bed.
well, meet me jesus, meet me,
meet me in the middle of the air
if these wings should fail me,
lord, won't you meet me
with another pair?
well, well, well, so i can die easy
well, well, well
well, well, well, so i can die easy
jesus gonna make up, jesus gonna make up
jesus gonna make up my dying bed.
lord, in my time of dying
don't want nobody to cry
all i want for you to do is take me
when i die
well, well, well, so i can die easy
well, well, well
well, well, well, so i can die easy
jesus gonna make up, jesus gonna make up
jesus gonna make up my dying bed"
"went out last night to take a little round.
i met my little sadie and i brought her down.
i ran right home and i went to bed
with a forty four smokeless under my head.
i began to think what a deed i'd done.
i grabbed my hat and i began to run.
i made a god run but i ran too slow;
they overtook me down in jericho
standing on a corner a ringin' my bell,
up stepped the sheriff from thomasville.
he said 'young man is you name brown?
remember you blowed sadie down.""
""oh yes sir, my name is lee.
i murdered little sadie in the first degree.
first degree and second degree.
if you've got any papers will you serve them to me?""
well they took me down town and they dressed me in black,
they put me on a train and they sent me back.
i had no one to go my bail;
they crammed me back into the county jail.
oh, yes they did.
the judge and the jury they took their stand.
the judge had the papers in his right hand.
forty one days, forty one nights;
forty one years to wear the ball and the stripes;
oh, no!
went out last night to take a little round.
i met little sadie and i blowed her down.
i ran right home and i went to bed,
a forty four smokeless under my head."
"when they came for him in the garden, did they know?
when they came for him in the garden, did they know?
did they know he was the son of god, did they know
that he was lord?
did they hear when he told peter, ""peter, put up
your sword""?
when they came for him in the garden, did they know?
when they came for him in the garden, did they know?
when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear?
when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear?
nicodemus came at night so he wouldn't be seen by men
saying, ""master, tell me why a man must be born
again.""
when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear?
when he spoke to them in the city, did they hear?
when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see?
when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see?
when he said, ""pick up your bed and walk, why
must you criticize?
same thing my father do, i can do likewise.""
when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see?
when he healed the blind and crippled, did they see?
did they speak out against him, did they dare?
did they speak out against him, did they dare?
the multitude wanted to make him king, put a crown
upon his head
why did he slip away to a quiet place instead?
did they speak out against him, did they dare?
did they speak out against him, did they dare?
when he rose from the dead, did they believe?
when he rose from the dead, did they believe?
he said, ""all power is given to me in heaven and
on earth.""
did they know right then and there what that power was worth?
when he rose from the dead, did they believe?
when he rose from the dead, did they believe?
when he rose from the dead, did they believe?
when he rose from the dead, did they believe?
he said, ""all power is given to me in heaven and
on earth.""
did they know right then and there what that power was worth?
when he rose from the dead, did they believe?
when he rose from the dead, did they believe?"
"i was in your presence for an hour or so
or was it a day? i truly don't know.
where the sun never set, where the trees hung low
by that soft and shining sea.
did you respect me for what i did
or for what i didn't do, or for keeping it hid?
did i lose my mind when i tried to get rid
of everything you see?
in the summertime, ah in the summertime,
in the summertime when you were with me.
i got the heart and you got the blood,
we cut through iron and we cut through mud.
then came the warnin' that was before the flood
that set everybody free.
fools they made a mock of sin,
our loyalty they tried to win
but you were closer to me than my next of kin
when they didn't want to know or see.
in the summertime, ah in the summertime,
in the summertime when you were with me.
strangers, they meddled in our affairs,
poverty and shame was theirs.
but all that sufferin' was not to be compared
with the glory that is to be.
and i'm still carrying the gift you gave,
it's a part of me now, it's been cherished and saved,
it'll be with me unto the grave
and then unto eternity.
in the summertime, ah in the summertime,
in the summertime when you were with me."
"do you love me, or are you just extending goodwill?
do you need me half as bad as you say, or are you just feeling guilt?
i've been burned before and i know the score
so you won't hear me complain.
will i be able to count on you
or is your love in vain?
are you so fast that you cannot see that i must have solitude?
when i am in the darkness, why do you intrude?
do you know my world, do you know my kind
or must i explain?
will you let me be myself
or is your love in vain?
well i've been to the mountain and i've been in the wind,
i've been in and out of happiness.
i have dined with kings, i've been offered wings
and i've never been too impressed.
all right, i'll take a chance, i will fall in love with you
if i'm a fool you can have the night, you can have the morning too.
can you cook and sew, make flowers grow,
do you understand my pain?
are you willing to risk it all
or is your love in vain?"
"i married isis on the fifth day of may,
but i could not hold on to her very long.
so i cut off my hair and i rode straight away
for the wild unknown country where i could not go wrong.
i came to a high place of darkness and light.
the dividing line ran through the center of town.
i hitched up my pony to a post on the right,
went in to a laundry to wash my clothes down.
a man in the corner approached me for a match.
i knew right away he was not ordinary.
he said, ""are you lookin' for somethin' easy to catch?""
i said, ""i got no money."" he said, ""that ain't necessary.""
we set out that night for the cold in the north.
i gave him my blanket, he gave me his word.
i said, ""where are we goin'?"" he said we'd be back by the fourth.
i said, ""that's the best news that i've ever heard.""
i was thinkin' about turquoise, i was thinkin' about gold,
i was thinkin' about diamonds and the world's biggest necklace.
as we rode through the canyons, through the devilish cold,
i was thinkin' about isis, how she thought i was so reckless.
how she told me that one day we would meet up again,
and things would be different the next time we wed,
if i only could hang on and just be her friend.
i still can't remember all the best things she said.
we came to the pyramids all embedded in ice.
he said, ""there's a body i'm tryin' to find.
if i carry it out it'll bring a good price.""
'twas then that i knew what he had on his mind.
the wind it was howlin' and the snow was outrageous.
we chopped through the night and we chopped through the dawn.
when he died i was hopin' that it wasn't contagious,
but i made up my mind that i had to go on.
i broke into the tomb, but the casket was empty.
there was no jewels, no nothin', i felt i'd been had.
when i saw that my partner was just bein' friendly,
when i took up his offer i must a been mad.
i picked up his body and i dragged him inside,
threw him down in the hole and i put back the cover.
i said a quick prayer and i felt satisfied.
then i rode back to find isis just to tell her i love her.
she was there in the meadow where the creek used to rise.
blinded by sleep and in need of a bed,
i came in from the east with the sun in my eyes.
i cursed her one time then i rode on ahead.
she said, ""where ya been?"" i said, ""no place special.""
she said, ""you look different."" i said, ""well, i guess.""
she said, ""you been gone."" i said, ""that's only natural.""
she said, ""you gonna stay."" i said, ""if you want me to, yes.""
isis, oh, isis, you mystical child.
what drives me to you is what drives me insane.
i still can remember the way that you smiled
on the fifth day of may in the drizzlin' rain."
"go 'way from my window,
leave at your own chosen speed.
i'm not the one you want, babe,
i'm not the one you need.
you say you're lookin' for someone
never weak but always strong,
to protect you an' defend you
whether you are right or wrong,
someone to open each and every door,
but it ain't me, babe,
no, no, no, it ain't me, babe,
it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.
go lightly from the ledge, babe,
go lightly on the ground.
i'm not the one you want, babe,
i will only let you down.
you say you're lookin' for someone
who will promise never to part,
someone to close his eyes for you,
someone to close his heart,
someone who will die for you an' more,
but it ain't me, babe,
no, no, no, it ain't me, babe,
it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe.
go melt back into the night, babe,
everything inside is made of stone.
there's nothing in here moving
an' anyway i'm not alone.
you say you're looking for someone
who'll pick you up each time you fall,
to gather flowers constantly
an' to come each time you call,
a lover for your life an' nothing more,
but it ain't me, babe,
no, no, no, it ain't me, babe,
it ain't me you're lookin' for, babe."
"it must have been
that something lovers call fate
kept me saying
""i have to wait""
i saw them all, just couldn't fall   'til we met
it had to be you, it had to be you
i wandered around
and finally found
the somebody who
could make me be true
and could make me be blue
and even be glad
just to be sad
thinking of you
some others i've seen
might never be mean
might never be cross
or try to be boss
but they wouldn't do
for nobody else
gave me a thrill
with all your faults, i love you still
it had to be you
wonderful you
it had to be you
for nobody else
gave me a thrill
with all your faults, i love you still
it had to be you
wonderful you
it had to be you"
"so run here baby, put your little hands in mine
i've got something to tell you
i know you're gonna change your mind
when things go wrong, so wrong with you
it hurts me too.
i want you, baby, just to understand
i don't wanna be your boss, baby
i just wanna be your man
when things go wrong, so wrong with you
it hurts me too.
now when you go home, you don't have to get along
come back to me, baby
where i live that's where you belong
when things go wrong, so wrong with you
it hurts me too.
i love you baby, and you know that it's true
i wouldn't mistreat you, baby
nothing in this world is like you
yes, when things go wrong, so wrong with you
it hurts me too
when things go wrong, so wrong with you
it hurts me too.
so run here baby, put your little hands in mine
i've got something to tell you, baby
i know you're gonna change your mind
when things go wrong, so wrong with you
don't you know, really, don't you know it hurts me too."
"must be santa
who's got a beard
that's long and white?
santa's got a beard
that's long and white
who comes around
on a special night?
santa comes around
on a special night
special night
beard that's white
must be santa
must be santa
must be santa
santa claus
who wears boots
and a suit of red?
santa wears boots
and a suit of red
who wears a long cap
on his head?
santa wears a long cap
on his head
cap on head
suit that's red
special night
beard that's white
must be santa
must be santa
must be santa
santa claus
who's got a big red
cherry nose?
santa's got a big red
cherry nose
who laughs this way
ho, ho, ho?
santa laughs this way
ho, ho, ho
ho, ho, ho
cherry nose
cap on head
suit that's red
special night
beard that's white
must be santa
must be santa
must be santa
santa claus
who very soon
will come our way?
santa very soon
will come our way
eight little reindeer
pull his sleigh
santa's little reindeer
pull his sleigh
reindeer sleigh
come our way
ho, ho, ho
cherry nose
cap on head
suit that's red
special night
beard that's white
must be santa
must be santa
must be santa
santa claus
dasher, dancer
prancer, vixen
comet, cupid
donner
and blitzen
reindeer sleigh
come our way
ho, ho, ho
cherry nose
cap on head
suit that's red
special night
beard that's white
must be santa
must be santa
must be santa
santa claus"
"well, i ride on a mailtrain, baby,
can't buy a thrill.
well, i've been up all night, baby,
leanin' on the window sill.
well, if i die
on top of the hill
and if i don't make it,
you know my baby will.
don't the moon look good, mama,
shinin' through the trees?
don't the brakeman look good, mama,
flagging down the ""double e""?
don't the sun look good
goin' down over the sea?
don't my gal look fine
when she's comin' after me?
now the wintertime is coming,
the windows are filled with frost.
i went to tell everybody,
but i could not get across.
well, i wanna be your lover, baby,
i don't wanna be your boss.
don't say i never warned you
when your train gets lost."
"talk about me babe, if you must
throw on the dirt, pile on the dust
i'd do the same thing if i could
you know what they say, they say it's all good
all good
it's all good
big politician telling lies
restaurant kitchen, all full of flies
don't make a bit of difference, don't see why it should
but it's all right, 'cause it's all good
it's all good
it's all good
wives are leavin' their husbands, they beginning to roam
they leave the party and they never get home
i wouldn't change it, even if i could
you know what they say man, it's all good
it's all good
all good
brick by brick, they tear you down
a teacup of water is enough to drown
you ought to know, if they could they would
whatever going down, it's all good
all good
say it's all good
people in the country, people on the land
some of them so sick, they can hardly stand
everybody would move away, if they could
it's hard to believe but it's all good
yeah
the widow's cry, the orphan's plea
everywhere you look, more misery
come along with me, babe, i wish you would
you know what i'm sayin', it's all good
all good
i said it's all good
all good
cold blooded killer, stalking the town
cop cars blinking, something bad going down
buildings are crumbling in the neighborhood
but there's nothing to worry about, 'cause it's all good
it's all good
they say it's all good
i'll pluck off your beard and blow it in your face
this time tomorrow i'll be rolling in your place
i wouldn't change a thing even if i could
you know what they say, they say it's all good
it's all good"
"darkness at the break of noon
shadows even the silver spoon
the handmade blade, the child's balloon
eclipses both the sun and moon
to understand you know too soon
there is no sense in trying.
pointed threats, they bluff with scorn
suicide remarks are torn
from the fool's gold mouthpiece
the hollow horn plays wasted words
proves to warn
that he not busy being born
is busy dying.
temptation's page flies out the door
you follow, find yourself at war
watch waterfalls of pity roar
you feel to moan but unlike before
you discover
that you'd just be
one more person crying.
so don't fear if you hear
a foreign sound to your ear
it's alright, ma, i'm only sighing.
as some warn victory, some downfall
private reasons great or small
can be seen in the eyes of those that call
to make all that should be killed to crawl
while others say don't hate nothing at all
except hatred.
disillusioned words like bullets bark
as human gods aim for their mark
made everything from toy guns that spark
to flesh colored christs that glow in the dark
it's easy to see without looking too far
that not much
is really sacred.
while preachers preach of evil fates
teachers teach that knowledge waits
can lead to hundred dollar plates
goodness hides behind its gates
but even the president of the united states
sometimes must have
to stand naked.
an' though the rules of the road have been lodged
it's only people's games that you got to dodge
and it's alright, ma, i can make it.
advertising signs that con you
into thinking you're the one
that can do what's never been done
that can win what's never been won
meantime life outside goes on
all around you.
you lose yourself, you reappear
you suddenly find you got nothing to fear
alone you stand with nobody near
when a trembling distant voice, unclear
startles your sleeping ears to hear
that somebody thinks
they really found you.
a question in your nerves is lit
yet you know there is no answer fit to satisfy
insure you not to quit
to keep it in your mind and not forgit
that it is not he or she or them or it
that you belong to.
although the masters make the rules
for the wise men and the fools
i got nothing, ma, to live up to.
for them that must obey authority
that they do not respect in any degree
who despise their jobs, their destinies
speak jealously of them that are free
cultivate what they do to be
nothing more than something
they invest in.
while some on principles baptized
to strict party platform ties
social clubs in drag disguise
outsiders they can freely criticize
tell nothing except who to idolize
and then say god bless him.
while one who sings with his tongue on fire
gargles in the rat race choir
bent out of shape from society's pliers
cares not to come up any higher
but rather get you down in the hole
that he's in.
but i mean no harm nor put fault
on anyone that lives in a vault
but it's alright, ma, if i can't please him.
old lady judges watch people in pairs
limited in sex, they dare
to push fake morals, insult and stare
while money doesn't talk, it swears
obscenity, who really cares propaganda, all is phony.
while them that defend what they cannot see
with a killer's pride, security
it blows the minds most bitterly
for them that think death's honesty
won't fall upon them naturally
life sometimes
must get lonely.
my eyes collide head on with stuffed graveyards
false gods, i scuff
at pettiness which plays so rough
walk upside down inside handcuffs
kick my legs to crash it off
say okay, i have had enough
what else can you show me?
and if my thought dreams could be seen
they'd probably put my head in a guillotine
but it's alright, ma, it's life, and life only."
"oh, there was a wealthy merchant, in london he did dwell.
he had a lovely daughter, the truth to you i'll tell,
oh, the truth to you i'll tell.
she had sweethearts a plenty and men of high degree.
there was none but jackie frazier, her true love e'er to be,
oh, her true love e'er to be.
""oh daughter, oh daughter, your body i will confine.
if none but jack the sailor would ever suit your mind,
oh, would ever suit your mind.
""this body you may imprison, my heart you can't confine.
there's none but jack the sailor would have this heart of mine,
oh, would have this heart of mine.
now jackie's gone sailing with trouble on his mind.
to leave his native country and his darling girl behind,
oh, his darling girl behind.
she went into the tailor shop and dressed in men's array,
then she went into the vessel to convey herself away,
oh, convey herself away.
""before you step onboard, sir, your name i'd like to know.""
she smiled all in her countenance, said, ""they call me jack a roe,
oh, they call me jack a roe.""
""your waist is light and slender, your fingers neat and small,
your cheeks too red and rosy for to face the cannonball,
oh, to face the cannonball.
""i know my waist is slender and my fingers they are small,
but they would not make me tremble for to see ten thousand fall,
oh, to see ten thousand fall.""
the war soon being over, they hunted all around.
among the dead and dying her darling love she found,
oh, her darling love she found.
she picked him up all in her arms and carries him to town,
and sent for her physician to quickly heal his wounds,
oh, to quickly heal his wounds.
this couple, they got married, so well they did agree,
this couple they got married, so why not you and me,
oh, so why not you and me."
"well, she's got jet pilot eyes from her hips on down.
all the bombardiers are trying to force her out of town.
she's five feet nine and she carries a monkey wrench.
she weighs more by the foot than she does by the inch.
she got all the downtown boys, all at her command
but you've got to watch her closely 'cause she ain't no woman
she's a man."
"1. come and listen for a moment, lads,
and hear me tell my tale.
how across the sea from england
i was condemned to sail.
now the jury found me guilty,
then says the judge, says he,
""oh, for life, jim jones, i'm sending you
across the stormy sea.
but take a tip before you ship
to join the iron gang.
don't get too g** in botany bay,
or else you'll surely hang.
or else you'll surely hang,"" says he.
""and after that, jim jones,
it's high above on the gallows tree
the crows will pick your bones.""
2. and our ship was high upon the sea
then pirates came along,
but the soldiers on our convict ship
were full five hundred strong.
for they opened fire and somehow drove
that pirate ship away.
but i'd rather have joined that pirate ship
tan gone to botany bay.
with the storms ragin' round us,
and the winds a blowin' gale,
i'd rather have drowned in misery
than gone to new south wales.
3. now it's day and night and the irons clang,
and like poor galley slaves
we toil and toil, and when we die
must fill dishonored graves,
and it's by and by i'll slip my chains,
well, into the bush i'll go
and i'll join the bravest rankers there,
jack donohue and co.
and some dark night, when everything
is silent in the town
i'll shoot those tyrants one and all,
i'll gun the flogger down.
oh, i'll give the land a little shock,
remember what i say,
and they'll yet regret they've sent jim jones
in chains to botany bay."
"born in red hook, brooklyn, in the year of who knows when
opened up his eyes to the tune of an accordion
always on the outside of whatever side there was
when they asked him why it had to be that way, ""well,"" he answered, ""just
because.""
larry was the oldest, joey was next to last.
they called joe ""crazy,"" the baby they called ""kid blast.""
some say they lived off gambling and runnin' numbers too.
it always seemed they got caught between the mob and the men in blue.
joey, joey,
king of the streets, child of clay.
joey, joey,
what made them want to come and blow you away?
there was talk they killed their rivals, but the truth was far from that
no one ever knew for sure where they were really at.
when they tried to strangle larry, joey almost hit the roof.
he went out that night to seek revenge, thinkin' he was bulletproof.
the war broke out at the break of dawn, it emptied out the streets
joey and his brothers suffered terrible defeats
till they ventured out behind the lines and took five prisoners.
they stashed them away in a basement, called them amateurs.
the hostages were tremblin' when they heard a man exclaim,
""let's blow this place to kingdom come, let con edison take the blame.""
but joey stepped up, he raised his hand, said, ""we're not those kind of men.
it's peace and quiet that we need to go back to work again.""
joey, joey,
king of the streets, child of clay.
joey, joey,
what made them want to come and blow you away?
the police department hounded him, they called him mr. smith
they got him on conspiracy, they were never sure who with.
""what time is it?"" said the judge to joey when they met
""five to ten,"" said joey. the judge says, ""that's exactly what you get.""
he did ten years in attica, reading nietzsche and wilhelm reich
they threw him in the hole one time for tryin' to stop a strike.
his closest friends were black men 'cause they seemed to understand
what it's like to be in society with a shackle on your hand.
when they let him out in '71 he'd lost a little weight
but he dressed like jimmy cagney and i swear he did look great.
he tried to find the way back into the life he left behind
to the boss he said, ""i have returned and now i want what's mine.""
joey, joey,
king of the streets, child of clay.
joey, joey,
why did they have to come and blow you away?
it was true that in his later years he would not carry a gun
""i'm around too many children,"" he'd say, ""they should never know of one.""
yet he walked right into the clubhouse of his lifelong deadly foe,
emptied out the register, said, ""tell 'em it was crazy joe.""
one day they blew him down in a clam bar in new york
he could see it comin' through the door as he lifted up his fork.
he pushed the table over to protect his family
then he staggered out into the streets of little italy.
joey, joey,
king of the streets, child of clay.
joey, joey,
what made them want to come and blow you away?
sister jacqueline and carmela and mother mary all did weep.
i heard his best friend frankie say, ""he ain't dead, he's just asleep.""
then i saw the old man's limousine head back towards the grave
i guess he had to say one last goodbye to the son that he could not save.
the sun turned cold over president street and the town of brooklyn mourned
they said a mass in the old church near the house where he was born.
and someday if god's in heaven overlookin' his preserve
i know the men that shot him down will get what they deserve.
joey, joey,
king of the streets, child of clay.
joey, joey,
what made them want to come and blow you away?"
"john brown went off to war to fight on a foreign shore.
his mama sure was proud of him!
he stood straight and tall in his uniform and all.
his mama's face broke out all in a grin.
""oh son, you look so fine, i'm glad you're a son
of mine,
you make me proud to know you hold a gun.
do what the captain says, lots of medals you will get,
and we'll put them on the wall when you come home.""
as that old train pulled out, john's ma began to
shout,
tellin' ev'ryone in the neighborhood:
""that's my son that's about to go, he's a soldier
now, you know.""
she made well sure her neighbors understood.
she got a letter once in a while and her face broke into a smile
as she showed them to the people from next door.
and she bragged about her son with his uniform and
gun,
and these things you called a good old fashioned war.
oh! good old fashioned war!
then the letters ceased to come, for a long time they did not come.
they ceased to come for about ten months or more.
then a letter finally came saying, ""go down and
meet the train.
your son's a coming home from the war.""
she smiled and went right down, she looked everywhere around
but she could not see her soldier son in sight.
but as all the people passed, she saw her son at last,
when she did she could hardly believe her eyes.
oh his face was all shot up and his hand was all blown off
and he wore a metal brace around his waist.
he whispered kind of slow, in a voice she did not
know,
while she couldn't even recognize his face!
oh! lord! not even recognize his face.
""oh tell me, my darling son, pray tell me what
they done.
how is it you come to be this way?""
he tried his best to talk but his mouth could hardly move
and the mother had to turn her face away.
""don't you remember, ma, when i went off to war
you thought it was the best thing i could do?
i was on the battleground, you were home... acting proud.
you wasn't there standing in my shoes.""
""oh, and i thought when i was there, god, what am
i doing here?
i'm a tryin' to kill somebody or die tryin'.
but the thing that scared me most was when my enemy came close
and i saw that his face looked just like mine.""
oh! lord! just like mine!
""and i couldn't help but think, through the
thunder rolling and stink,
that i was just a puppet in a play.
and through the roar and smoke, this string is finally broke,
and a cannon ball blew my eyes away.""
as he turned away to walk, his ma was still in shock
at seein' the metal brace that helped him stand.
but as he turned to go, he called his mother close
and he dropped his medals down into her hand."
"john wesley harding
was a friend to the poor,
he trav'led with a gun in ev'ry hand.
all along this countryside,
he opened a many a door,
but he was never known
to hurt a honest man.
'twas down in chaynee county,
a time they talk about,
with his lady by his side
he took a stand.
and soon the situation there
was all but straightened out,
for he was always known
to lend a helping hand.
all across the telegraph
his name it did resound,
but no charge held against him
could they prove.
and there was no man around
who could track or chain him down,
he was never known
to make a foolish move."
"well you're comin' down high street, walkin' in the sun
you make the dead man rise, and holler she's the one
jolene, jolene
baby, i am the king and you're the queen
well it's a long old highway, don't ever end
i've got a saturday night special, i'm back again
i'll sleep by your door, lay my life on the line
you probably don't know, but i'm gonna make you mine
jolene, jolene
baby, i am the king and you're the queen
i keep my hands in my pocket, i'm movin' along
people think they know, but they're all wrong
you're something nice, i'm gonna grab my dice
i can't say i haven't paid the price
jolene, jolene
baby i am the king and you're the queen
well i found out the hard way, i've had my fill
you can't find somebody with his back to a hill
those big brown eyes, they set off a spark
when you hold me in your arms things don't look so dark
jolene, jolene
baby i am the king and you're the queen"
"cane standing in the fields
getting old and red
lot of misery in georgetown
three men lying dead
and joshua, head of the
government, say strike for better pay
cane cutters are striking
joshua gone away
joshua gone barbados
just like he don't know
people on this island
they got nowhere to go
in the city, you can hear how the women bawl
joshua gone barbados, he don't care at all
sonny child the overseer
i swear he's an ignorant man
walking through the canefield
pistol in his hand
strike be all in vain
joshua gone barbados
just like he don't know
people on the st. vincent
they got no place to go"
"nobody feels any pain
tonight as i stand inside the rain
everybody knows
that baby's got new clothes
but lately i see her ribbons and her bows
have fallen from her curls.
she takes just like a woman, yes, she does
she makes love just like a woman, yes, she does
and she aches just like a woman
but she breaks just like a little girl.
queen mary, she's my friend
yes, i believe i'll go see her again
nobody has to guess
that baby can't be blessed
till she finally sees that she's like all the rest
with her fog, her amphetamine and her pearls.
she takes just like a woman, yes
she makes love just like a woman, yes, she does
and she aches just like a woman
but she breaks just like a little girl.
it was raining from the first
and i was dying of thirst
so i came in here
and your long time curse hurts
but what's worse
is this pain in here
i can't stay in here
ain't it clear that?
i just can't fit
yes, i believe it's time for us to quit
when we meet again
introduced as friends
please don't let on that you knew me when
i was hungry and it was your world.
ah, you fake just like a woman, yes, you do
you make love just like a woman, yes, you do
then you ache just like a woman
but you break just like a little girl."
"when you're lost in the rain in juarez
and it's eastertime too
and your gravity fails
and negativity don't pull you through
don't put on any airs
when you're down on rue morgue avenue
they got some hungry women there
and they really make a mess outa you
now if you see saint annie
please tell her thanks a lot
i cannot move
my fingers are all in a knot
i don't have the strength
to get up and take another shot
and my best friend, my doctor
won't even say what it is i've got
sweet melinda
the peasants call her the goddess of gloom
she speaks good english
and she invites you up into her room
and you're so kind
and careful not to go to her too soon
and she takes your voice
and leaves you howling at the moon
up on housing project hill
it's either fortune or fame
you must pick up one or the other
though neither of them are to be what they claim
if you're lookin' to get silly
you better go back to from where you came
because the cops don't need you
and man they expect the same
now all the authorities
they just stand around and boast
how they blackmailed the sergeant at arms
into leaving his post
and picking up angel who
just arrived here from the coast
who looked so fine at first
but left looking just like a ghost
i started out on burgundy
but soon hit the harder stuff
everybody said they'd stand behind me
when the game got rough
but the joke was on me
there was nobody even there to call my bluff
i'm going back to new york city
i do believe i've had enough"
"katie's been gone since the spring time;
she wrote one time'n sent her love.
katie's been gone for such a long time now.
i wonder what kind of love she's thinkin' of.
dear katie,
if you can hear me,
i can't wait to have ya near me.
oh, katie, since ya caught that bus,
well, i just don't know how things are with us.
i'm still here and you're out there.
katie laughed when i said i was lonely.
she said, there's no need t'feel that way.
katie said that i was her only one,
but then i wonder why she didn't wanna stay.
dear katie, if i'm the only one,
how much longer will you be gone?
oh, katie, won't ya tell me straight:
how much longer do i have to wait?
i'll believe you,
but please come through.
i know it's wrong to be apart this long;
you should be here, near me.
katie's been gone and now her face is slowly fading from my mind.
she's gone to find some newer places,
left the old life far behind.
dear katie, dont ya miss your home?
i dont see why you had to roam.
dear katie, since you've been away
i lose a little something every day
i need you here, but you're still out there.
dear katie, please drop me a line,
just write, love, to tell me you're fine.
oh, katie, if you can hear me,
i just cant wait to have you near me.
i can only think
where are you,
what ya do, may be there's someone new."
"mckinley hollered, mckinley squalled
doctor said, ""mckinley, death is on the wall
‪say it to me, if you got something to confess""
‪i heard all about it, he was going down slow ‬
‪i heard it all, the wireless radio ‬
‪from down in the boondocks way down in key west
‪i'm searching for love, for inspiration ‬
‪on that pirate radio station
‪coming out of luxembourg and budapest ‬
‪radio signal, clear as can be
‪i'm so deep in love that i can hardly see ‬
‪down on the flatlands, way down in key west
‪key west is the place to be ‬
‪if you're looking for immortality ‬
‪stay on the road, follow the highway sign ‬
‪key west is fine and fair
‪if you lost your mind, you will find it there
‪key west is on the horizon line
‪i was born on the wrong side of the railroad track
‪like ginsberg, corso and kerouac
‪like louis and jimmy and buddy and all the rest ‬
‪well, it might not be the thing to do ‬
‪but i'm sticking with you through and through ‬
‪down in the flatlands, way down in key west
‪i got both my feet planted square on the ground ‬
‪got my right hand high with the thumb down ‬
‪such is life, such is happiness
‪hibiscus flowers, they grow everywhere here
‪if you wear one, put it behind your ear
‪down in the bottom, way down in key west ‬
‪key west is the place to go
‪down by the gulf of mexico ‬
‪beyond the sea, beyond the shifting sand
‪key west is the gateway key ‬
‪to innocence and purity ‬
‪key west, key west is the enchanted land
‪i've never lived in the land of oz ‬
‪or wasted my time with an unworthy cause ‬
‪it's hot down here, and you can't be overdressed
‪china blossoms of a toxic plant ‬
‪they can make you dizzy
i'd like to help you but i can't
‪down in the flatlands, way down in key west ‬
‪well, the fish tail ponds, and the orchid trees
‪they can give you that bleeding heart disease
‪people tell me
i ought to try a little tenderness ‬
‪on newton street, bayview park ‬
‪walking in the shadows after dark ‬
‪down under, way down in key west ‬
‪i played gumbo limbo spirituals
‪i know all the hindu rituals ‬
‪people tell me that i'm truly blessed ‬
bougainvillea blooming in the summer, in the spring
winter here is an unknown thing
down in the flat lands, way down in key west
key west is under the sun, under the radar, under the gun
you stay to the left, and then you lean to the right
feel the sunlight on your skin
and the healing virtues of the wind
key west, key west is the land of light
wherever i travel, wherever i roam
i'm not that far before i come back home
i do what i think is right, what i think is best
history street off of mallory square
truman had his white house there
east bound, west bound, way down in key west
twelve years old, they put me in a suit
forced me to marry a prostitute
there were gold fringes on her wedding dress
that's my story, but not where it ends
she's still cute, and we're still friends
down on the bottom, way down in key west
i play both sides against the middle
trying to pick up that pirate radio signal
i heard the news, i heard your last request
fly around, my pretty little miss
i don't love nobody, give me a kiss
down on the bottom, way down in key west
key west is the place to be
if you're looking for immortality
key west is paradise divine
key west is fine and fair
if you lost your mind, you'll find it there
key west is on the horizon line"
"the winter wind is a blowing strong
my hands have got no gloves
i wish to my soul that i could see
the girl i'm a thinking of
don't you remember me babe
i remember you quite well
you caused me to leave old kingsport town
with a high sheriff on my trail
high sheriff on my trail, boys
high sheriff on my trail
all because i'm falling for
a curly headed dark eyed girl
who's a gonna stroke your cold black hair
and sandy colored skin
who's a gonna kiss your menphis lips
when i'm out in the wind
when i'm out in the wind, babe
when i'm out in the wind
who's a gonna kiss your memphis mouth
when i'm out in the wind
who's a gonna walk you side by side
and tell you everything's alright
who's a gonna sing to you all day long
and not just in the night
who's a gonna walk you side by side
who's a gonna be your man
who's a gonna look you straight in the eye
and hold your bad luck hand
hold your bad luck hand, babe
hold your bad luck hand
who's a gonna hold your hard luck hand
and who's a gonna be your man
the winter wind is a blowing strong
my hands have got no gloves
i wish to my soul i could see
the girl i'm a thinking of."
"when yer head gets twisted and yer mind grows numb
when you think you're too old, too young, too smart or too dumb
when yer laggin' behind an' losin' yer pace
in a slow motion crawl of life's busy race
no matter what yer doing if you start givin' up
if the wine don't come to the top of yer cup
if the wind's got you sideways with with one hand holdin' on
and the other starts slipping and the feeling is gone
and yer train engine fire needs a new spark to catch it
and the wood's easy findin' but yer lazy to fetch it
and yer sidewalk starts curlin' and the street gets too long
and you start walkin' backwards though you know its wrong
and lonesome comes up as down goes the day
and tomorrow's mornin' seems so far away
and you feel the reins from yer pony are slippin'
and yer rope is a slidin' 'cause yer hands are a drippin'
and yer sun decked desert and evergreen valleys
turn to broken down slums and trash can alleys
and yer sky cries water and yer drain pipe's a pourin'
and the lightnin's a flashing and the thunder's a crashin'
and the windows are rattlin' and breakin' and the roof tops a shakin'
and yer whole world's a slammin' and bangin'
and yer minutes of sun turn to hours of storm
and to yourself you sometimes say
""i never knew it was gonna be this way
why didn't they tell me the day i was born""
and you start gettin' chills and yer jumping from sweat
and you're lookin' for somethin' you ain't quite found yet
and yer knee deep in the dark water with yer hands in the air
and the whole world's a watchin' with a window peek stare
and yer good gal leaves and she's long gone a flying
and yer heart feels sick like fish when they're fryin'
and yer jackhammer falls from yer hand to yer feet
and you need it badly but it lays on the street
and yer bell's bangin' loudly but you can't hear its beat
and you think yer ears might a been hurt
or yer eyes've turned filthy from the sight blindin' dirt
and you figured you failed in yesterdays rush
when you were faked out an' fooled white facing a four flush
and all the time you were holdin' three queens
and it's makin you mad, it's makin' you mean
like in the middle of life magazine
bouncin' around a pinball machine
and there's something on yer mind you wanna be saying
that somebody someplace oughta be hearin'
but it's trapped on yer tongue and sealed in yer head
and it bothers you badly when your layin' in bed
and no matter how you try you just can't say it
and yer scared to yer soul you just might forget it
and yer eyes get swimmy from the tears in yer head
and yer pillows of feathers turn to blankets of lead
and the lion's mouth opens and yer staring at his teeth
and his jaws start closin with you underneath
and yer flat on your belly with yer hands tied behind
and you wish you'd never taken that last detour sign
and you say to yourself just what am i doin'
on this road i'm walkin', on this trail i'm turnin'
on this curve i'm hanging
on this pathway i'm strolling, in the space i'm taking
in this air i'm inhaling
am i mixed up too much, am i mixed up too hard
why am i walking, where am i running
what am i saying, what am i knowing
on this guitar i'm playing, on this banjo i'm frailin'
on this mandolin i'm strummin', in the song i'm singin'
in the tune i'm hummin', in the words i'm writin'
in the words that i'm thinkin'
in this ocean of hours i'm all the time drinkin'
who am i helping, what am i breaking
what am i giving, what am i taking
but you try with your whole soul best
never to think these thoughts and never to let
them kind of thoughts gain ground
or make yer heart pound
but then again you know why they're around
just waiting for a chance to slip and drop down
""cause sometimes you hear'em when the night times comes creeping
and you fear that they might catch you a sleeping
and you jump from yer bed, from yer last chapter of dreamin'
and you can't remember for the best of yer thinking
if that was you in the dream that was screaming
and you know that it's something special you're needin'
and you know that there's no drug that'll do for the healin'
and no liquor in the land to stop yer brain from bleeding
and you need something special
yeah, you need something special all right
you need a fast flyin' train on a tornado track
to shoot you someplace and shoot you back
you need a cyclone wind on a stream engine howler
that's been banging and booming and blowing forever
that knows yer troubles a hundred times over
you need a greyhound bus that don't bar no race
that won't laugh at yer looks
your voice or your face
and by any number of bets in the book
will be rollin' long after the bubblegum craze
you need something to open up a new door
to show you something you seen before
but overlooked a hundred times or more
you need something to open your eyes
you need something to make it known
that it's you and no one else that owns
that spot that yer standing, that space that you're sitting
that the world ain't got you beat
that it ain't got you licked
it can't get you crazy no matter how many
times you might get kicked
you need something special all right
you need something special to give you hope
but hope's just a word
that maybe you said or maybe you heard
on some windy corner 'round a wide angled curve
but that's what you need man, and you need it bad
and yer trouble is you know it too good
""cause you look an' you start getting the chills
""cause you can't find it on a dollar bill
and it ain't on macy's window sill
and it ain't on no rich kid's road map
and it ain't in no fat kid's fraternity house
and it ain't made in no hollywood wheat germ
and it ain't on that dimlit stage
with that half wit comedian on it
ranting and raving and taking yer money
and you thinks it's funny
no you can't find it in no night club or no yacht club
and it ain't in the seats of a supper club
and sure as hell you're bound to tell
that no matter how hard you rub
you just ain't a gonna find it on yer ticket stub
no, and it ain't in the rumors people're tellin' you
and it ain't in the pimple lotion people are sellin' you
and it ain't in no cardboard box house
or down any movie star's blouse
and you can't find it on the golf course
and uncle remus can't tell you and neither can santa claus
and it ain't in the cream puff hair do or cotton candy clothes
and it ain't in the dime store dummies or bubblegum goons
and it ain't in the marshmallow noises of the chocolate cake voices
that come knockin' and tappin' in christmas wrappin'
sayin' ain't i pretty and ain't i cute and look at my skin
look at my skin shine, look at my skin glow
look at my skin laugh, look at my skin cry
when you can't even sense if they got any insides
these people so pretty in their ribbons and bows
no you'll not now or no other day
find it on the doorsteps made out a paper mache?br> and inside it the people made of molasses
that every other day buy a new pair of sunglasses
and it ain't in the fifty star generals and flipped out phonies
who'd turn yuh in for a tenth of a penny
who breathe and burp and bend and crack
and before you can count from one to ten
do it all over again but this time behind yer back
my friend
the ones that wheel and deal and whirl and twirl
and play games with each other in their sand box world
and you can't find it either in the no talent fools
that run around gallant
and make all rules for the ones that got talent
and it ain't in the ones that ain't got any talent but think they do
and think they're foolin' you
the ones who jump on the wagon
just for a while 'cause they know it's in style
to get their kicks, get out of it quick
and make all kinds of rnoney and chicks
and you yell to yourself and you throw down yer hat
sayin', ""christ do i gotta be like that
ain't there no one here that knows where i'm at
ain't there no one here that knows how i feel
good god almighty
that stuff ain't real""
no but that ain't yer game, it ain't even yer race
you can't hear yer name, you can't see yer face
you gotta look some other place
and where do you look for this hope that yer seekin'
where do you look for this lamp that's a burnin'
where do you look for this oil well gushin'
where do you look for this candle that's glowin'
where do you look for this hope that you know is there
and out there somewhere
and your feet can only walk down two kinds of roads
your eyes can only look through two kinds of windows
your nose can only smell two kinds of hallways
you can touch and twist
and turn two kinds of doorknobs
you can either go to the church of your choice
or you can go to brooklyn state hospital
you'll find god in the church of your choice
you'll find woody guthrie in brooklyn state hospital
and though it's only my opinion
i may be right or wrong
you'll find them both
in the grand canyon
at sundown"
"lay down your weary tune, lay down,
lay down the song you strum,
and rest yourself 'neath the strength of strings
no voice can hope to hum.
struck by the sounds before the sun,
i knew the night had gone.
the morning breeze like a bugle blew
against the drums of dawn.
lay down your weary tune, lay down,
lay down the song you strum,
and rest yourself 'neath the strength of strings
no voice can hope to hum.
the ocean wild like an organ played,
the seaweed's wove its strands.
the crashin' waves like cymbals clashed
against the rocks and sands.
lay down your weary tune, lay down,
lay down the song you strum,
and rest yourself 'neath the strength of strings
no voice can hope to hum.
i stood unwound beneath the skies
and clouds unbound by laws.
the cryin' rain like a trumpet sang
and asked for no applause.
lay down your weary tune, lay down,
lay down the song you strum,
and rest yourself 'neath the strength of strings
no voice can hope to hum.
the last of leaves fell from the trees
and clung to a new love's breast.
the branches bare like a banjo played
to the winds that listened best.
i gazed down in the river's mirror
and watched its winding strum.
the water smooth ran like a hymn
and like a harp did hum.
lay down your weary tune, lay down,
lay down the song you strum,
and rest yourself 'neath the strength of strings
no voice can hope to hum."
"lenny bruce is dead but his ghost lives on and on
never did get any golden globe award, never made it to synanon.
he was an outlaw, that's for sure,
more of an outlaw than you ever were.
lenny bruce is gone but his spirit's livin' on and on.
maybe he had some problems, maybe some things that he couldn't work out
but he sure was funny and he sure told the truth and he knew what he was talkin'
about. never robbed any churches nor cut off any babies' heads,
he just took the folks in high places and he shined a light in their beds.
he's on some other shore, he didn't wanna live anymore.
lenny bruce is dead but he didn't commit any crime
he just had the insight to rip off the lid before its time.
i rode with him in a taxi once, only for a mile and a half,
seemed like it took a couple of months.
lenny bruce moved on and like the ones that killed him, gone.
they said that he was sick 'cause he didn't play by the rules
he just showed the wise men of his day to be nothing more than fools.
they stamped him and they labeled him like they do with pants and shirts,
he fought a war on a battlefield where every victory hurts.
lenny bruce was bad, he was the brother that you never had."
"well, i see you got your brand new leopard skin pill box hat
yes, i see you got your brand new leopard skin pill box hat
well, you must tell me, baby
how your head feels under somethin' like that
under your brand new leopard skin pill box hat
well, you look so pretty in it
honey, can i jump on it sometime?
yes, i just wanna see
if it's really that expensive kind
you know it balances on your head
just like a mattress balances
on a bottle of wine
your brand new leopard skin pill box hat
well, if you wanna see the sun rise
honey, i know where
we'll go out and see it sometime
we'll both just sit there and stare
me with my belt
wrapped around my head
and you just sittin' there
in your brand new leopard skin pill box hat
well, i asked the doctor if i could see you
it's bad for your health, he said
yes, i disobeyed his orders
i came to see you
but i found him there instead
you know, i don't mind him cheatin' on me
but i sure wish he'd take that off his head
your brand new leopard skin pill box hat
well, i see you got a new boyfriend
you know, i never seen him before
well, i saw him
makin' love to you
you forgot to close the garage door
you might think he loves you for your money
but i know what he really loves you for
it's your brand new leopard skin pill box hat"
"i bless the day i found you
i want my arms around you
and so i beg you: let it be me.
don't take this heaven from one
if you must cling someone
now and forever, let it be me.
each time we meet, love
i find complete love
without your sweet love, what would life be ?
so never leave me lonely
tell me that you love me only
and say you'll always let it be me."
"i will not go down under the ground
""cause somebody tells me that death's comin'
'round
an' i will not carry myself down to die
when i go to my grave my head will be high,
let me die in my footsteps
before i go down under the ground.
there's been rumors of war and wars that have been
the meaning of the life has been lost in the wind
and some people thinkin' that the end is close by
""stead of learnin' to live they are learning to
die.
let me die in my footsteps
before i go down under the ground.
i don't know if i'm smart but i think i can see
when someone is pullin' the wool over me
and if this war comes and death's all around
let me die on this land 'fore i die underground.
let me die in my footsteps
before i go down under the ground.
there's always been people that have to cause fear
they've been talking of the war now for many long
years
i have read all their statements and i've not said a
word
but now lawd god, let my poor voice be heard.
let me die in my footsteps
before i go down under the ground.
if i had rubies and riches and crowns
i'd buy the whole world and change things around
i'd throw all the guns and the tanks in the sea
for they are mistakes of a past history.
let me die in my footsteps
before i go down under the ground.
let me drink from the waters where the mountain
streams flood
let me smell of wildflowers flow free through my blood
let me sleep in your meadows with the green grassy
leaves
let me walk down the highway with my brother in peace.
let me die in my footsteps
before i go down under the ground.
go out in your country where the land meets the sun
see the craters and the canyons where the waterfalls
run
nevada, new mexico, arizona, idaho
let every state in this union seep in your souls.
and you'll die in your footsteps
before you go down under the ground."
"let's keep it between us
these people meddlin' in our affairs, they're not our friends
let's keep it between us
before doors close and our togetherness comes to an end
they'll turn you against me and me against you
'til we don't know who to trust
oh, darlin', can we keep it between us?
let's keep it between us
we've been through too much
tough times that they never shared
they've had nothing to say to us before
now all of a sudden it's as if they've always cared
all we need is honesty
a little humility and trust
oh, darlin', can we keep it between us?
i know we're not perfect
then again, neither are they
they act like we got to live for them
as if there just ain't no other way
and it's makin' me kind of tired
can we just lay back for a moment
before we wake up and find ourselves
in a daze that's got us out of our minds?
there must be something we're overlooking here
we better drop down now and get back behind the lines
there's some things not fit for human ears
some things don't need to be discussed
oh, darlin', can we keep it between us?
they'll tell you one thing and me another
'til we don't know who to trust
oh, darlin', can we keep it between us?
let's keep it between us
before it all snaps and goes too far
if we can't deal with this by ourselves
tell me we ain't worse off than they think we are
backseat drivers don't know the feel of the wheel
but they sure know how to make a fuss
oh, darlin', can we keep it between us?
can we keep it between us?"
"nobody feels any pain
tonight as i stand inside the rain
ev'rybody knows
that baby's got new clothes
but lately i see her ribbons and her bows
have fallen from her curls.
she takes just like a woman, yes, she does
she makes love just like a woman, yes, she does
and she aches just like a woman
but she breaks just like a little girl.
queen mary, she's my friend
yes, i believe i'll go see her again
nobody has to guess
hat baby can't be blessed
till she sees finally that she's like all the rest
with her fog, her amphetamine and her pearls.
she takes just like a woman, yes, she does
she makes love just like a woman, yes, she does
and she aches just like a woman
but she breaks just like a little girl.
it was raining from the first
and i was dying there of thirst
so i came in here
and your long time curse hurts
but what's worse
is this pain in here
i can't stay in here
ain't it clear that?br>
i just can't fit
yes, i believe it's time for us to quit
when we meet again
introduced as friends
please don't let on that you knew me when
i was hungry and it was your world.
ah, you fake just like a woman, yes, you do
you make love just like a woman, yes, you do
then you ache just like a woman
but you break just like a little girl."
"the evening winds are still i've lost the way and will
can't tell you where they went i just know what they meant
i'm always on my guard admitting life is hard
without you near me
the friend you used to be, so near and dear to me
you slipped so far away, where did we go astray
i passed the old school yard, admitting life is hard
without you near me
ever since the day, the day you went away
i felt that emptiness so wide
i don't know what's wrong or right
i just know i need strength to fight, strength to fight that world outside
since we've been out of touch i haven't felt that much
from day to barren day my heart stays locked away
i walk the boulevard, admitting life is hard
without you near me
the sun is sinking low i guess it's time to go
i feel a chilly breeze in place of memories
my dreams are locked and barred admitting life is hard
without you near me
hummmm
without you near me"
"when first i came to louisville, some pleasure there to find
a damsel there from lexington was pleasing to my mind
her rosy cheeks, her ruby lips, like arrows pierced my breast
and the name she bore was flora, the lily of the west.
i courted lovely flora some pleasure for to find
but she turned unto another man whose sore distressed my mind
she robbed me of my liberty, deprived me of my rest
then go, my lovely flora, the lily of the west.
away down in yonder shady grove, a man of high degree
conversin' with my flora there, it seemed so strange to me
and the answer that she gave to him it sore did me oppress
i was betrayed by flora, the lily of the west.
i stepped up my rival, dagger in my hand
i seized him by the collar, and bodly made him stand
seing mad by desperation i pierced him to the breast
all this for lovely flora, the lily of the west.
i had to stand my trial, i had to make my plea
they placed me in the witness box and then commenced on me
although she swore my life away, deprived me of my rest
still i love my faithless flora, the lily of the west."
"the festival was over, the boys were all plannin' for a fall,
the cabaret was quiet except for the drillin' in the wall.
the curfew had been lifted and the gamblin' wheel shut down,
anyone with any sense had already left town.
he was standin' in the doorway lookin' like the jack of hearts.
he moved across the mirrored room,
""set it up for everyone"" he said,
then everyone commenced to do what they were doin' before he turned their
heads. then he walked up to a stranger and he asked him with a grin,
""could you kindly tell me, friend, what time the show begins?""
then he moved into the corner, face down like the jack of hearts.
backstage the girls were playin' five card stud by the stairs,
lily had two queens, she was hopin' for a third to match her pair.
outside the streets were fillin' up, the window was open wide,
a gentle breeze was blowin', you could feel it from inside.
lily called another bet and drew up the jack of hearts.
big jim was no one's fool, he owned the town's only diamond mine,
he made his usual entrance lookin' so dandy and so fine.
with his bodyguards and silver cane and every hair in place,
he took whatever he wanted to and he laid it all to waste.
but his bodyguards and silver cane were no match for the jack of hearts.
rosemary combed her hair and took a carriage into town,
she slipped in through the side door lookin' like a queen without a crown.
she fluttered her false eyelashes and whispered in his ear,
""sorry, darlin', that i'm late"" but he didn't seem to hear.
he was starin' into space over at the jack of hearts.
""i know i've seen that face before""; big jim was thinkin' to himself,
""maybe down in mexico or a picture up on somebody's shelf""
but then the crowd began to stamp their feet
and the house lights did dim
and in the darkness of the room there was only jim and him,
starin' at the butterfly who just drew the jack of hearts.
lily was a princess, she was fair skinned and precious as a child,
she did whatever she had to do,
she had that certain flash every time she smiled.
she'd come away from a broken home, had lots of strange affairs
with men in every walk of life which took her everywhere.
but she'd never met anyone quite like the jack of hearts.
the hangin' judge came in unnoticed and was being wined and dined,
the drillin' in the wall kept up but no one seemed to pay it any mind.
it was known all around that lily had jim's ring
and nothing would ever come between lily and the king.
no, nothin' ever would except maybe the jack of hearts.
rosemary started drinkin' hard and seein' her reflection in the knife,
she was tired of the attention, tired of playin' the role of big jim's wife.
she had done a lot of bad things, even once tried suicide,
was lookin' to do just one good deed before she died.
she was gazin' to the future, riding on the jack of hearts.
lily washed her face, took her dress off and buried it away.
""has your luck run out"" she laughed at him,
""well, i guess you must
have known it would someday.
be careful not to touch the wall, there's a brand new coat of paint,
i'm glad to see you're still alive, you're lookin' like a saint""
down the hallway footsteps were comin' for the jack of hearts.
the backstage manager was pacing all around by his chair.
""there's something funny going on,"" he said
""i can just feel it in the air""
he went to get the hangin' judge, but the hangin' judge was drunk,
as the leading actor hurried by in the costume of a monk.
there was no actor anywhere better than the jack of hearts.
lily's arms were locked around the man that she dearly loved to touch,
she forgot all about the man she couldn't stand
who hounded her so much.
""i've missed you so""; she said to him, and he felt she was sincere,
but just beyond the door he felt jealousy and fear.
just another night in the life of the jack of hearts.
no one knew the circumstance but they say that it happened pretty quick,
the door to the dressing room burst open and a colt revolver clicked.
and big jim was standin' there, ya couldn't say surprised,
rosemary right beside him, steady in her eyes.
she was with big jim but she was leanin' to the jack of hearts.
two doors down the boys finally made it through the wall
and cleaned out the bank safe,
it's said that they got off with quite a haul.
in the darkness by the riverbed they waited on the ground
for one more member who had business back in town.
but they couldn't go no further without the jack of hearts.
the next day was hangin' day, the sky was overcast and black,
big jim lay covered up, killed by a penknife in the back.
and rosemary on the gallows, she didn't even blink,
the hangin' judge was sober, he hadn't had a drink.
the only person on the scene missin' was the jack of hearts.
the cabaret was empty now, a sign said, ""closed for repair""
lily had already taken all of the dye out of her hair.
she was thinkin' 'bout her father, who she very rarely saw,
thinkin' 'bout rosemary and thinkin' about the law.
but, most of all she was thinkin' 'bout the jack of hearts."
"1. oh, where is little maggie
over yonder she stands,
rifle on her shoulder,
six shooter in her hand.
2. how can i ever stand it,
just to see them two blue eyes,
shinin' like some diamonds,
like some diamonds in the sky.
3. rather be in some lonely hollow
where the sun don't ever shine,
than to see you be another man's darling,
and to know that you'll never be mine.
4. well, it's march me away to the station
with my suitcase in my hand,
yes, march me away to the station,
i'm off to some far distant land.
5. sometimes i have a nickel,
and sometimes i have a dime,
sometimes i have ten dollars,
just to pay for little maggie's wine.
6. pretty flowers are made for blooming,
pretty stars are made to shine,
pretty girls are made for boy's love,
little maggie was made for mine.
7. well, yonder stands little maggie
with a dram glass in her hand,
she's a drinkin' down her troubles
over courtin' some other man."
"went out last night to take a little round.
i met my little sadie and i brought her down.
i ran right home and i went to bed
with a forty four smokeless under my head.
i began to think what a deed i'd done,
i grabbed my hat and i began to run.
i made a god run but i ran too slow;
they overtook me down in jericho
standing on a corner ringin' my bell,
up stepped the sheriff from thomasville.
he said ""young man is you name brown?
remember the night you blowed little sadie down.""
""oh, yes sir, my name is lee.
i murdered little sadie in the first degree.
first degree and second degree,
if you've got any papers will you serve them to me?""
well they took me down town and they dressed me in black.
they put me on a train and they brought me back.
i had no one for to go my bail;
they crammed me back into the county jail.
the judge and the jury they took their stand.
the judge had the papers in his right hand.
forty one days, forty one nights;
forty one years to wear the ball and the stripes."
"since you've been gone,
i've been walking around
with my head bowed down to my shoes.
i've been living the blues
ev'ry night without you.
i don't have to go far
to know where you are,
strangers all give me the news.
i've been living the blues
ev'ry night without you.
i think that it's best,
i soon get some rest
and forget my pride.
but i can't deny
this feeling that i
carry for you deep down inside.
if you see me this way,
you'd come back and you'd stay,
oh, how could you refuse.
i've been living the blues
ev'ry night without you."
"i pulled out for san anton',
i never felt so good.
my woman said she'd meet me there
and of course, i knew she would.
the coachman, he hit me for my hook
and he asked me my name.
i give it to him right away,
then i hung my head in shame.
lo and behold! lo and behold!
lookin' for my lo and behold,
get me outa here, my dear man!
i come into pittsburgh
at six thirty flat.
i found myself a vacant seat
an' i put down my hat.
""what's the matter, molly, dear,
what's the matter with your mound?""
""what's it to ya, moby d***?
this is chicken town!""
lo and behold! lo and behold!
lookin' for my lo and behold,
get me outa here, my dear man!
i bought my girl
a herd of moose,
one she could call her own.
well, she came out the very next day
to see where they had flown.
i'm goin' down to tennessee,
get me a truck 'r somethin'.
gonna save my money and rip it up!
lo and behold! lo and behold!
lookin' for my lo and behold,
get me outa here, my dear man!
now, i come in on a ferris wheel
an' boys, i sure was slick.
i come in like a ton of bricks,
laid a few tricks on 'em.
goin' back to pittsburgh,
count up to thirty,
round that horn and ride that herd,
gonna thread up!
lo and behold! lo and behold!
lookin' for my lo and behold,
get me outa here, my dear man!"
"1. i came to the place where the lone pilgrim lay,
and patiently stood by his tomb,
when in a low whisper i heard something say:
how sweetly i sleep here alone.
2. the tempest may howl and the loud thunder roar
and gathering storms may arise,
but calm is my feeling, at rest is my soul,
the tears are all wiped from my eyes.
3. the call of my master compelled me from home,
no kindred or relative nigh.
i met the contagion and sank to the tomb,
my soul flew to mansions on high.
4. go tell my companion and children most dear
to weep not for me now i'm gone.
the same hand that led me through seas most severe
has kindly assisted me home."
"words and music by bob dylan
well, today has been a sad and lonesome day
yeah, today has been a sad and lonesome day
i'm just sitting here thinking with my mind a million miles away
well, they're doing the double shuffle, throwing sand on the floor
they're doing the double shuffle, they're throwing sand on the floor
when i left my longtime darling, she was standing in the door
well, my pa he died and left me, my brother got killed in the war
well, my pa he died and left me, my brother got killed in the war
my sister she ran off and got married, never was heard of anymore
samantha brown lived in my house for 'bout four or five months
samantha brown lived in my house for 'bout four or five months
don't know how it looked to other people, i never slept with her even once
well the road washed out, weather not fit for man or beast
well the road's washed out, weather not fit for man or beast
funny, the things you have the hardest time parting with, are the things you need the least
well, i'm forty miles from the mill, i'm dropping it into overdrive
i'm forty miles from the mill, i'm dropping it into overdrive
set my dial on the radio i wish my mother was still alive
i seen your lover man comin', comin' across the barren fields
i see your lover man comin', comin' 'cross the barren fields
he not a gentleman at all, he's rotten to the core, he's a coward and he steals
well my captain he's decorated, he's well schooled and he's skilled
my captain he's decorated, he's well schooled and he's skilled
he's not sentimental, don't bother him at all; how many of his pals have been killed.
last night the wind was whispering, i was trying to make out what it was
last night the wind was whispering something, i was trying to make out what it was
yeah i tell myself something's coming, but it never does
i'm going to spare the defeated, i'm going to speak to the crowd
i'm going to spare the defeated, 'cause i'm going to speak to the crowd
i'm going to teach peace to the conquered, i'm going to tame the proud
well, the leaves are rustling in the wood, things are falling off of the shelf
leaves are rustling in the wood, things are falling off the shelf
you're gonna need my help sweetheart, you can't make love all by yourself."
"it's been such a long, long time
since we loved each other and our hearts were true
one time, for one brief day, i was the man for you
last night i heard you talking in your sleep
saying things you shouldn't say
oh baby, you just might have to go to jail someday
is there a place we can go?
is there anybody we can see?
maybe, it's the same for you as it is for me
i ain't seen my family in twenty  years
that ain't easy to understand
they may be dead by now
i lost track of them after they lost their land
shake it up baby twist and shout
you know what it's all about
what you doing out there in the sun anyway
don't you know the sun can burn your brains right out
my enemy crashed into the dust
stopped in dead his tracks and he lost his lust
he was run down hard and he broke apart
he died in shame he had a iron heart
i wear dark glasses to cover my eyes
there are secrets in them i cant disguise
come back baby if i ever hurt your feelings i apologize
two trains running by side side
forty miles wide, down the eastern line
you don't have to go i just came to you cause your a friend of mine
i think that when my back was turned
the whole world behind me burned
it's been awhile since we walked down that long, long isle
we cried on that cold and frosty morn
we cried because our souls were torn
so much for tears, so much for these long and wasted years"
"long distance operator,
place this call, it's not for fun.
long distance operator,
please, place this call, you know it's not for fun.
i gotta get a message to my baby,
you know, she's not just anyone.
there are thousands in the phone booth,
thousands at the gate.
there are thousands in the phone booth,
thousands at the gate.
ev'rybody wants to make a long distance call
but you know they're just gonna have to wait.
if a call comes from louisiana,
please, let it ride.
if a call comes from louisiana,
please, let it ride.
this phone booth's on fire,
it's getting hot inside.
ev'rybody wants to be my friend,
but nobody wants to get higher.
ev'rybody wants to be my friend,
but nobody wants to get higher.
long distance operator,
i believe i'm stranglin' on this telephone wire."
"for his age, he's wise
he's got his mother's eyes
there's gladness in his heart
he's young and he's wild
my only prayer is, if i can't be there,
lord, protect my child
as his youth now unfolds
he is centuries old
just to see him at play makes me smile
no matter what happens to me
no matter what my destiny
lord, protect my child
while the world is asleep
you can look at it and weep
few things you find are worthwhile
and though i don't ask for much
no material things to touch
lord, protect my child
he's young and on fire
full of hope and desire
in a world that's been raped, raped and defiled
if i fall along the way
and can't see another day
lord, protect my child
there'll be a time i hear tell
when all will be well
when god and man will be reconciled
but until men lose their chains
and righteousness reigns
lord, protect my child"
"1. ""get down, get down, love henry,"" she cried.
""and stay all night with me.
i have gold chains, and the finest i have
i'll apply them all to thee.""
2. ""i can't get down and i shan't get down,
or stay all night with thee.
some pretty little girl in cornersville
i love far better than thee.""
3. he layed his head on a pillow of down.
kisses she gave him three.
with a penny knife that she held in her hand
she murdered mortal he.
instrumental
4. ""get well, get well, love henry, "" she cried,
""get well, get well,"" said she.
""oh don't you see my own heart's blood
come flowin' down so free?""
5. she took him by his long yellow hair,
and also by his feet.
she plunged him into well water, where
it runs both cold and deep.
6. ""lie there, lie there, love henry,"" she cried,
""til the flesh rots off your bones.
some pretty little girl in cornersville
will mourn for your return.""
instrumental
7. ""hush up, hush up, my parrot,"" she cried,
""and light on my right knee.
the doors to your cage shall be decked with gold
and hung on a willow tree.""
9. ""i won't fly down, i can't fly down
and light on your right knee.
a girl who would murder her own true love
would kill a little birdlike me."""
"my love she speaks like silence,
without ideals or violence,
she doesn't have to say she's faithful,
yet she's true, like ice, like fire.
people carry roses,
make promises by the hours,
my love she laughs like the flowers,
valentines can't buy her.
in the dime stores and bus stations,
people talk of situations,
read books, repeat quotations,
draw conclusions on the wall.
some speak of the future,
my love she speaks softly,
she knows there's no success like failure
and that failure's no success at all.
the cloak and dagger dangles,
madams light the candles.
in ceremonies of the horsemen,
even the pawn must hold a grudge.
statues made of match sticks,
crumble into one another,
my love winks, she does not bother,
she knows too much to argue or to judge.
the bridge at midnight trembles,
the country doctor rambles,
bankers' nieces seek perfection,
expecting all the gifts that wise men bring.
the wind howls like a hammer,
the night blows cold and rainy,
my love she's like some raven
at my window with a broken wing."
"i'm walking through streets that are dead
walking, walking with you in my head
my feet are so tired, my brain is so wired
and the clouds are weeping
did i hear someone tell a lie?
did i hear someone's distant cry?
i spoke like a child; you destroyed me with a smile
while i was sleeping
i'm sick of love but i'm in the thick of it
this kind of love i'm so sick of it
i see, i see lovers in the meadow
i see, i see silhouettes in the window
i watch them 'til they're gone and they leave me hanging on
to a shadow
i'm sick of love; i hear the clock tick
this kind of love; i'm love sick
sometimes the silence can be like the thunder
sometimes i wanna take to the road and plunder
could you ever be true?
i think of you
and i wonder
i'm sick of love; i wish i'd never met you
i'm sick of love; i'm trying to forget you
just don't know what to do
i'd give anything to
be with you"
"i ain't gonna work on maggie's farm no more.
no, i ain't gonna work on maggie's farm no more.
well, i wake in the morning,
fold my hands and pray for rain.
i got a head full of ideas
that are drivin' me insane.
it's a shame the way she makes me scrub the floor.
i ain't gonna work on maggie's farm no more.
i ain't gonna work for maggie's brother no more.
no, i ain't gonna work for maggie's brother no more.
well, he hands you a nickel,
he hands you a dime,
he asks you with a grin
if you're havin' a good time,
then he fines you every time you slam the door.
i ain't gonna work for maggie's brother no more.
i ain't gonna work for maggie's pa no more.
no, i ain't gonna work for maggie's pa no more.
well, he puts his cigar
out in your face just for kicks.
his bedroom window
it is made out of bricks.
the national guard stands around his door.
ah, i ain't gonna work for maggie's pa no more.
i ain't gonna work for maggie's ma no more.
no, i ain't gonna work for maggie's ma no more.
well, she talks to all the servants
about man and god and law.
everybody says
she's the brains behind pa.
she's sixty eight, but she says she's twenty four.
i ain't gonna work for maggie's ma no more.
i ain't gonna work on maggie's farm no more.
no, i ain't gonna work on maggie's farm no more.
well, i try my best
to be just like i am,
but everybody wants you
to be just like them.
they sing while you slave and i just get bored.
i ain't gonna work on maggie's farm no more."
"perhaps it's the color of the sun cut flat
and coverin' the crossroads i'm standing at,
or maybe it's the weather or something like that,
but mama, you been on my mind.
i don't mean trouble, please don't put me down or get upset,
i am not pleadin' or sayin' ""i can't forget you""
i do not pace the floor bowed down an' bent, but yet,
mama, you been on my mind.
even though my mind is hazy an' my thoughts they might be narrow,
where you been don't bother me nor bring me down in sorrow.
it don't even mind where you're wakin' up tomorrow,
but mama, you're just on my mind.
i am not askin' you to say words like ""yes"" or ""no""
please understand me, i have no place i'm calling you to go.
i'm just whisperin' to myself, so i can pretend that i don't know,
mama, you been on my mind.
when you wake up in the mornin', baby, look inside your mirror.
you know i won't be next to you, you know i won't be near.
i'd just be curious to know if you can see yourself as clear
as someone who has had you on his mind."
"man gave names to all the animals
in the beginning, in the beginning.
man gave names to all the animals
in the beginning, long time ago.
he saw an animal that liked to growl,
big furry paws and he liked to howl,
great big furry back and furry hair.
""ah, think i'll call it a bear.""
man gave names to all the animals
in the beginning, in the beginning.
man gave names to all the animals
in the beginning, long time ago.
he saw an animal up on a hill
chewing up so much grass until she was filled.
he saw milk comin' out but he didn't know how.
""ah, think i'll call it a cow.""
man gave names to all the animals
in the beginning, in the beginning.
man gave names to all the animals
in the beginning, long time ago.
he saw an animal that liked to snort,
horns on his head and they weren't too short.
it looked like there wasn't nothin' that he couldn't pull.
""ah, think i'll call it a bull.""
man gave names to all the animals
in the beginning, in the beginning.
man gave names to all the animals
in the beginning, long time ago.
he saw an animal leavin' a muddy trail,
real dirty face and a curly tail.
he wasn't too small and he wasn't too big.
""ah, think i'll call it a pig.""
man gave names to all the animals
in the beginning, in the beginning.
man gave names to all the animals
in the beginning, long time ago.
next animal that he did meet
had wool on his back and hooves on his feet,
eating grass on a mountainside so steep.
""ah, think i'll call it a sheep.""
man gave names to all the animals
in the beginning, in the beginning.
man gave names to all the animals
in the beginning, long time ago.
he saw an animal as smooth as glass
slithering his way through the grass.
saw him disappear by a tree near a lake . ."
"crickets are chirpin', the water is high,
there's a soft cotton dress on the line hangin' dry,
window wide open, african trees
bent over backwards from a hurricane breeze.
not a word of goodbye, note even a note,
she gone with the man
in the long black coat.
somebody seen him hanging around
at the old dance hall on the outskirts of town,
he looked into her eyes when she stopped to ask
if he wanted to dance, he had a face like a mask.
somebody said from the bible he'd quote
there was dust on the man
in the long black coat.
preacher was a talkin' there's a sermon he gave,
he said every man's conscience is vile and depraved,
you cannot depend on it to be your guide
when it's you who must keep it satisfied.
it ain't easy to swallow, it sticks in the throat,
she gave her heart to the man
in the long black coat.
there are no mistakes in life some people say
it is true sometimes you can see it that way.
bridge: but people don't live or die, people just float.
she went with the man
in the long black coat.
there's smoke on the water, it's been there since june,
tree trunks uprooted, 'neath the high crescent moon
feel the pulse and vibration and the rumbling force
somebody is out there beating the dead horse.
she never said nothing there was nothing she wrote,
she gone with the man
in the long black coat."
"i'm a man of constant sorrow,
i've seen trouble all my days.
i'll say goodbye to colorado
where i was born and partly raised.
your mother says i'm a stranger;
my face you'll never see no more.
but there's one promise, darling,
i'll see you on gods golden shore.
through this open world i'm a bound to ramble,
through ice and snows, sleet and rain,
i'm a bound to ride that mornin' railroad,
perhaps i'll die on that train.
i'm going back to colorado,
the place that i've started from.
if i'd knowed how bad you'd treat me,
honey i never would have come."
"look out your window, baby, there's a scene you'd like to catch,
the band is playing ""dixie,"" a man got his hand outstretched.
could be the fuhrer
could be the local priest.
you know sometimes
satan comes as a man of peace.
he got a sweet gift of gab, he got a harmonious tongue,
he knows every song of love that ever has been sung.
good intentions can be evil,
both hands can be full of grease.
you know that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace.
well, first he's in the background, then he's in the front,
both eyes are looking like they're on a rabbit hunt.
nobody can see through him,
no, not even the chief of police.
you know that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace.
well, he catch you when you're hoping for a glimpse of the sun,
catch you when your troubles feel like they weigh a ton.
he could be standing next to you,
the person that you'd notice least.
i hear that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace.
well, he can be fascinating, he can be dull,
he can ride down niagara falls in the barrels of your skull.
i can smell something cooking,
i can tell there's going to be a feast.
you know that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace.
he's a great humanitarian, he's a great philanthropist,
he knows just where to touch you, honey, and how you like to be kissed.
he'll put both his arms around you,
you can feel the tender touch of the beast.
you know that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace.
well, the howling wolf will howl tonight, the king snake will crawl,
trees that've stood for a thousand years suddenly will fall.
wanna get married? do it now,
tomorrow all activity will cease.
you know that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace.
somewhere mama's weeping for her blue eyed boy,
she's holding them little white shoes and that little broken toy
and he's following a star,
the same one them three men followed from the east.
i hear that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace."
"i'll sing you a song, ain't very long,
'bout an old man who never done wrong.
how he died nobody can say,
they found him dead in the street one day.
well, the crowd, they gathered one fine morn,
at the man whose clothes 'n' shoes were torn.
there on the sidewalk he did lay,
they stopped 'n' stared 'n' walked their way.
well, the p'liceman come and he looked around,
""get up, old man, or i'm a takin' you down.""
he jabbed him once with his billy club
and the old man then rolled off the curb.
well, he jabbed him again and loudly said,
""call the wagon; this man is dead.""
the wagon come, they loaded him in,
i never saw the man again.
i've sung you my song, it ain't very long,
'bout an old man who never done wrong.
how he died no one can say,
they found him dead in the street one day."
"well i'm sitting in church
in an old wooden chair
i knew nobody
would look for me there
sorrow and pity
rule the earth and the skies
looking for nothing
anyone's eyes
once i had pretty girls
did me wrong
now i'm marching to the city
and the road ain't long
snowflakes are falling
around my head
lord have mercy
it feel heavy like lead
i been hit too hard
seen too much
nothing can heal me now
but your touch
once i had a pretty girl
she done me wrong
now i'm marching to the city
and the road ain't long
loneliness
got a mind of its own
the more people around
the more you feel alone
i'm chained to the earth
like a silent slave
trying to break free
out of death's dark cave
once i had a pretty girl
done me wrong
now i'm marching to the city
and the road ain't long
boys in the street
beginning to play
girls like birds
flying away
i'm carrying the roses
that were given to me
and i'm thinking about paradise
wondering what it might be
once i had a pretty girl
she done me wrong
now i'm marching to the city
and the road ain't long
go over to london
maybe g** paree
follow the river
you get to the sea
i was hoping we could drink from
life's clear streams
i was hoping we could dream
life's pleasant dreams
once i had a pretty girl
but she done me wrong
now i'm marching to the city
and the road ain't long
well the weak get weaker
and the strong stay strong
the train keeps rolling
all night long
she looked at me
with an irresistable glance
with a smile
that could make all the planets dance
once i had a pretty girl
she did me wrong
now i'm marching to the city
and the road ain't long
my house is on fire
burning to the skies
i thought the rain clouds
but the clouds passed by
when i'm gone
you'll remember my name
i'm gonna win my way
to wealth and fame
once i had a pretty girl
but she did me wrong
now i'm marching to the city
and the road ain't long
i don't know"
"come all you lads of high renown
that will hear of a fair young maiden
and she roved out on a summer's
day for to view the soldier's parading
they march so bold and they look so g**
the colours fine and the bands did play
and it caused young mary for to say
""i'll wed you me gallant soldier""
she viewed the soldiers on parade
and as they stood at their leisure
and mary to herself did say: ""at last i find my treasure
but oh how cruel my parents must be
to banish my true love away from me
well i'll leave them all and i'll go with thee
me bold and undaunted soldier""
""oh mary dear, your parents'
love i pray don't be unruly
for when you're in a foreign land
believe you rue it surely
perhaps in battle i might fall
from a shot from an angry cannonball
and you're so far from your daddy's hall
be advised by a gallant soldier. ""
""oh i have fifty guineas in right gold
likewise a hearth that's burning
and i'd leave them all and i'd go with
you me bold undaunted soldier
so don't say no but let me go
and i will face the daring foe
and we'll march together to and fro
and i'll wed you, my gallant soldier""
and when he saw her loyalty
and mary so true hearted
he said: ""me darling, married
we'll be and nothing but death will part us
and when we're in a foreign land
i'll guard you, darling, with my right hand
and hopes that god might stand a friend
with mary and her gallant soldier"""
"oh, fare thee well, my own true love, fare thee well but for a while
the ship is waiting and the wind blows high
and i am bound away for the sea, mary ann.
ten thousand miles away from home, ten thousand miles or more
the sea may freeze and the earth may burn
if i never nomore return to you, mary ann.
oh, don't you see that crow fly high, she'll surely turn to white
if never i prove false to you
let the day turn to night, my dear, mary ann.
if i had a flask of gin and sugar here for two
and a great big bowl for two to mix it in
i'd pour a drink for you my dear, mary ann
yes, i'd pour a drink for you my dear, mary ann."
"maybe someday you'll be satisfied
when you've lost everything you'll have nothing left to hide.
when you're through running over things like you're walking 'cross the tracks,
maybe you'll beg me to take you back.
maybe someday you'll find out everybody's somebody's fool,
maybe then you'll realize what it would have taken to keep me cool.
maybe someday when you're by yourself alone
you'll know the love that i had for you was never my own.
maybe someday you'll have nowhere to turn,
you'll look back and wonder 'bout the bridges you have burned.
you'll look back sometime when the lights grow dim
and you'll see you look much better with me than you do with him.
through hostile cities and unfriendly towns,
thirty pieces of silver, no money down.
maybe someday, you will understand
that something for nothing is everybody's plan.
maybe someday you'll remember what you felt
when there was blood on the moon in the cotton belt.
when both of us, baby, were going though some sort of a test
neither one of us could do what we do best.
i should have known better, baby, i should have called your bluff.
i guess i was too off the handle, not sentimental enough.
maybe someday, you'll believe me when i say
that i wanted you, baby, in every kind of way.
maybe someday you'll hear a voice from on high
sayin' ""for whose sake did you live, for whose sake did you die?""
forgive me, baby, for what i didn't do
for not breakin' down no bedroom door to get at you.
always was a sucker for the right cross.
never wanted to go home 'til the last cent was lost.
maybe someday you will look back and see
that i made it so easy for you to follow me.
maybe someday there'll be nothing to tell.
i'm just as happy as you, baby, i just can't say it so well.
never slumbered or slept or waited for lightning to strike.
there's no excuse for you to say that we don't think alike.
you said you were going' to frisco, stay a couple of months.
i always liked san francisco, i was there for a party once.
maybe someday you'll see that it's true
there was no greater love than what i had for you."
"each time i see a crowd of people
just like a fool i stop and stare
it's really not the proper thing to do
but maybe you'll be there
i go out walking after midnight
along the lonely thoroughfare
it's not the time or place to look for you
but maybe you'll be there
you said your arms
would always hold me
you said you lips
were mine alone to kiss
now after all those things you told me
how can it end like this
someday if all my prayers are answered
i'll hear a footstep on the stair
with anxious heart
i'll hurry to the door
and maybe you'll
be there"
"meet me in the morning, 56th and wabasha
meet me in the morning, 56th and wabasha
honey, we could be in kansas
by time the snow begins to thaw.
they say the darkest hour is right before the dawn
they say the darkest hour is right before the dawn
but you wouldn't know it by me
every day's been darkness since you been gone.
little rooster crowin', there must be something on his mind
little rooster crowin', there must be something on his mind
well, i feel just like that rooster
honey, ya treat me so unkind.
the birds are flyin' low babe, honey i feel so exposed
well, the birds are flyin' low babe, honey i feel so exposed
well now, i ain't got any matches
and the station doors are closed.
well, i struggled through barbed wire, felt the hail fall from above
well, i struggled through barbed wire, felt the hail fall from above
well, you know i even outran the hound dogs
honey, you know i've earned your love.
look at the sun sinkin' like a ship
look at the sun sinkin' like a ship
ain't that just like my heart, babe
when you kissed my lips?"
"melancholy mood
forever haunts me
steals upon me in the night
forever taunts me
oh, what a lonely soul am i
stranded high and dry
by a melancholy mood
gone is every joy and inspiration
tears are all i have to show
no consolation
all i can see is grief and gloom
till the crack of doom
oh, melancholy mood
deep in the night
i search for a trace
of a lingering kiss
a warm embrace
but love is a whimsy
and as flimsy as lace
and my arms embrace
an empty space
melancholy mood, why must you blind me
pity me and break the chains
the chains that bind me
won't you release me, set me free
bring her back to me
oh, melancholy mood"
"well, that big dumb blonde
with her wheel in the gorge
and turtle, that friend of theirs
with his checks all forged
and his cheeks in a chunk
with his cheese in the cash
they're all gonna be there
at that million dollar bash
ooh, baby, ooh ee
ooh, baby, ooh ee
it's that million dollar bash
ev'rybody from right now
to over there and back
the louder they come
the harder they crack
come now, sweet cream
don't forget to flash
we're all gonna meet
at that million dollar bash
ooh, baby, ooh ee
ooh, baby, ooh ee
it's that million dollar bash
well, i took my counselor
out to the barn
silly nelly was there
she told him a yarn
then along came jones
emptied the trash
ev'rybody went down
to that million dollar bash
ooh, baby, ooh ee
ooh, baby, ooh ee
it's that million dollar bash
well, i'm hittin' it too hard
my stones won't take
i get up in the mornin'
but it's too early to wake
first it's hello, goodbye
then push and then crash
but we're all gonna make it
at that million dollar bash
ooh, baby, ooh ee
ooh, baby, ooh ee
it's that million dollar bash
well, i looked at my watch
i looked at my wrist
punched myself in the face
with my fist
i took my potatoes
down to be mashed
then i made it over
to that million dollar bash
ooh, baby, ooh ee
ooh, baby, ooh ee
it's that million dollar bash"
"you took a part of me that i really miss
i keep asking myself how long it can go on like this
you told yourself a lie; that's all right mama, i told myself one too
i'm trying to get closer but i'm still a million miles from you
you took the silver, you took the gold
you left me standing out in the cold
people ask about you; i didn't tell them everything i knew
well i'm trying to get closer, but i'm still a million miles from you
i'm drifting in and out of dreamless sleep
throwing all my memories in a ditch so deep
did so many things i never did intend to do
well i'm trying to get closer, but i'm still a million miles from you
i need your love so bad, turn your lamp down low
i need every bit of it for the places that i go
sometimes i wonder just what it's all coming to
well i'm tryin' to get closer, but i'm still a million miles from you
well i don't dare close my eyes and i don't dare wink
maybe in the next life i'll be able to hear myself think
feel like talking to somebody but i just don't know who
well, i'm tryin' to get closer but i'm still a million miles from you
the last thing you said before you hit the street
""gonna find me a janitor to sweep me off my feet""
i said, ""that's all right mama.... you..... you do what you gotta do""
well, i'm tryin' to get closer; i'm still a million miles from you
rock me, pretty baby, rock me 'til everything gets real
rock me for a little while, rock me 'til there's nothing left to feel
and i'll rock you too
i'm tryin' to get closer but i'm still a million miles from you
well, there's voices in the night trying to be heard
i'm sitting here listening to every mind polluting word
i know plenty of people who would put me up for a day or two
yes, i'm tryin' to get closer but i'm still a million miles from you"
"who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin?
who's gonna let it roll?
who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin?
who's gonna let it down easy to save his soul?
oh, lucky's been drivin' a long, long time
and now he's stuck on top of the hill.
with twelve forward gears, it's been a long hard climb,
and with all of them ladies, though, he's lonely still.
who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin?
who's gonna let it roll?
who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin?
who's gonna let it down easy to save his soul?
well, he deep in number and heavy in toil,
mighty mockingbird, he still has such a heavy load.
beneath his bound'ries, what more can i tell,
with all of his trav'lin', but i'm still on that road.
who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin?
who's gonna let it roll?
who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin?
who's gonna let it down easy to save his soul?"
"every step of the way, we walk the line
your days are numbered, so are mine
time is piling up, we struggle and we stray
we're all boxed in, nowhere to escape
city's just a jungle, more games to play
trapped in the heart of it, tryin' to get away
i was raised in the country, i been working in the town
i been in trouble ever since i set my suitcase down
got nothing for you, i had nothing before
don't even have anything for myself anymore
sky full of fire, pain pouring down
nothing you can sell me, i'll see you around
all my powers of expression and thoughts so sublime
could never do you justice in reason or rhyme
only one thing i did wrong
stayed in mississippi a day too long
well, the devil's in the alley, mule's in the stall
say anything you wanna, i have heard it all
i was thinking about the things that rosie said
i was dreaming i was sleeping in rosie's bed
walking through the leaves, falling from the trees
feeling like a stranger nobody sees
so many things that we never will undo
i know you're sorry, i'm sorry too
some people will offer you their hand and some won't
last night i knew you, tonight i don't
i need something strong to distract my mind
i'm gonna look at you 'til my eyes go blind
well i got here following the southern star
i crossed that river just to be where you are
only one thing i did wrong
stayed in mississippi a day too long
well my ship's been split to splinters and it's sinking fast
i'm drowning in the poison, got no future, got no past
but my heart is not weary, it's light and it's free
i've got nothing but affection for all those who sailed with me
everybody's moving, if they ain't already there
everybody's got to move somewhere
stick with me baby, stick with me anyhow
things should start to get interesting right about now
my clothes are wet, tight on my skin
not as tight as the corner that i painted myself in
i know that fortune is waiting to be kind
so give me your hand and say you'll be mine
well, the emptiness is endless, cold as the clay
you can always come back, but you can't come back all the way
only one thing i did wrong
stayed in mississippi a day too long"
"i got mixed up confusion
man, it's a killin' me
well, there's too many people
and they're all too hard to please
well, my hat's in my hand
babe, i'm walkin' down the line
an' i'm lookin' for a woman
whose head's mixed up like mine
well, my head's full of questions
my temp'rature's risin' fast
well, i'm lookin' for some answers
but i don't know who to ask
but i'm walkin' and wonderin'
and my poor feet don't ever stop
seein' my reflection
i'm hung over, hung down, hung up!"
"words and music by bob dylan
the seasons they are turning and my sad heart is yearning
to hear again the songbird's sweet melodious tone
won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone
the dusky light the day is losing
orchids, poppies, black eyed susan
the earth and sky that melts with flesh and bone
won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone
the air is thick and heavy all along the levee
where the geese into the countryside have flown
won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone
well, i'm preaching peace and harmony
the blessings of tranquility
yet i know when the time is right to strike
i take you 'cross the river, dear
you've no need to linger here
i know the kinds of things you like
the clouds are turning crimson, the leaves fall from the limbs
the branches cast their shadows over stone
won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone
the boulevards of cypress trees, the masquerade of birds and bees
the petals pink and white, the wind has blown
won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone
the trailing moss in mystic glow, the purple blossom soft as snow
my tears keep flowing to the sea
doctor, lawyer, indian chief, it takes a thief to catch a thief
for whom does the bell toll for, love?
it tolls for you and me
old pulse's running through my palm, the sharp hills are rising from
yellow fields with twisted oaks that grow
won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone"
"i've been a moonshiner,
for seventeen long years,
i've spent all my money,
on whiskey and beer,
i go to some hollow,
and sit at my still
and if whiskey dont kill me,
then i dont know what will,
i go to some bar room,
and drink with my friends,
where the women cant follow,
and see what i spend,
god bless them pretty women,
i wish they was mine,
their breath is as sweet,
the dew on the vine,
let me eat when i am hungry,
let me drink when i am dry,
a dollar when i am hard up,
religion when i die,
the whole world's a bottle,
and life's but a dram,
when the bottle gets empty,
it sure aint worth a damn."
"you say you love me
and you're thinkin' of me,
but you know you could be wrong.
you say you told me
that you wanna hold me,
but you know you're not that strong.
i just can't do what i done before,
i just can't beg you any more.
i'm gonna let you pass
and i'll go last.
then time will tell just who fell
and who's been left behind,
when you go your way and i go mine.
you say you disturb me
and you don't deserve me,
but you know sometimes you lie.
you say you're shakin'
and you're always achin',
but you know how hard you try.
sometimes it gets so hard to care,
it can't be this way ev'rywhere.
and i'm gonna let you pass,
yes, and i'll go last.
then time will tell just who fell
and who's been left behind,
when you go your way and i go mine.
the judge, he holds a grudge,
he's gonna call on you.
but he's badly built
and he walks on stilts,
watch out he don't fall on you.
you say you're sorry
for tellin' stories
that you know i believe are true.
you say ya got some
other kinda lover
and yes, i believe you do.
you say my kisses are not like his,
but this time i'm not gonna tell you why that is.
i'm just gonna let you pass,
yes, and i'll go last.
then time will tell who fell
and who's been left behind,
when you go your way and i go mine."
"most of the time
i'm clear focused all around,
most of the time
i can keep both feet on the ground,
i can follow the path, i can read the signs,
stay right with it, when the road unwinds,
i can handle whatever i stumble upon,
i don't even notice she's gone,
most of the time.
most of the time
it's well understood,
most of the time
i wouldn't change it if i could,
i can't make it all match up, i can hold my own,
i can deal with the situation right down to the bone,
i can survive, i can endure
and i don't even think about her
most of the time.
most of the time
my head is on straight,
most of the time
i'm strong enough not to hate.
i don't build up illusion 'till it makes me sick,
i ain't afraid of confusion no matter how thick
i can smile in the face of mankind.
don't even remember what her lips felt like on mine
most of the time.
most of the time
she ain't even in my mind,
i wouldn't know her if i saw her
she's that far behind.
most of the time
i can't even be sure
if she was ever with me
or if i was with her.
most of the time
i'm halfway content,
most of the time
i know exactly where i went,
i don't cheat on myself, i don't run and hide,
hide from the feelings, that are buried inside,
i don't compromised and i don't pretend,
i don't even care if i ever see her again
most of the time."
"i pounded on a farmhouse
lookin' for a place to stay.
i was mighty, mighty tired,
i had gone a long, long way.
i said, ""hey, hey, in there,
is there anybody home?""
i was standin' on the steps
feelin' most alone.
well, out comes a farmer,
he must have thought that i was nuts.
he immediately looked at me
and stuck a gun into my guts.
i fell down
to my bended knees,
saying, ""i dig farmers,
don't shoot me, please!""
he cocked his rifle
and began to shout,
""you're that travelin' salesman
that i have heard about.""
i said, ""no! no! no!
i'm a doctor and it's true,
i'm a clean cut kid
and i been to college, too.""
then in comes his daughter
whose name was rita.
she looked like she stepped out of
la dolce vita.
i immediately tried to cool it
with her dad,
and told him what a
nice, pretty farm he had.
he said, ""what do doctors
know about farms, pray tell?""
i said, ""i was born
at the bottom of a wishing well.""
well, by the dirt 'neath my nails
i guess he knew i wouldn't lie.
""i guess you're tired,""
he said, kinda sly.
i said, ""yes, ten thousand miles
today i drove.""
he said, ""i got a bed for you
underneath the stove.
just one condition
and you go to sleep right now,
that you don't touch my daughter
and in the morning, milk the cow.""
i was sleepin' like a rat
when i heard something jerkin'.
there stood rita
lookin' just like tony perkins.
she said, ""would you like to take a shower?
i'll show you up to the door.""
i said, ""oh, no! no!
i've been through this before.""
i knew i had to split
but i didn't know how,
when she said,
""would you like to take that shower, now?""
well, i couldn't leave
unless the old man chased me out,
'cause i'd already promised
that i'd milk his cows.
i had to say something
to strike him very weird,
so i yelled out,
""i like fidel castro and his beard.""
rita looked offended
but she got out of the way,
as he came charging down the stairs
sayin', ""what's that i heard you say?""
i said, ""i like fidel castro,
i think you heard me right,""
and ducked as he swung
at me with all his might.
rita mumbled something
'bout her mother on the hill,
as his fist hit the icebox,
he said he's going to kill me
if i don't get out the door
in two seconds flat,
""you unpatriotic, rotten doctor commie rat.""
well, he threw a reader's digest
at my head and i did run,
i did a somersault
as i seen him get his gun
and crashed through the window
at a hundred miles an hour,
and landed fully blast
in his garden flowers.
rita said, ""come back!""
as he started to load
the sun was comin' up
and i was runnin' down the road.
well, i don't figure i'll be back
there for a spell,
even though rita moved away
and got a job in a motel.
he still waits for me,
constant, on the sly.
he wants to turn me in
to the f.b.i.
me, i romp and stomp,
thankful as i romp,
without freedom of speech,
i might be in the swamp."
"i like to spend some time in mozambique
the sunny sky is aqua blue
and all the couples dancing cheek to cheek.
it's very nice to stay a week or two.
and maybe fall in love just me and you.
there's lots of pretty girls in mozambique
and plenty time for good romance
and everybody likes to stop and speak
to give the special one you seek a chance
or maybe say hello with just a glance.
lying next to her by the ocean
reaching out and touching her hand,
whispering your secret emotion
magic in a magical land.
and when it's time for leaving mozambique,
to say goodbye to sand and sea,
you turn around to take a final peek
and you see why it's so unique to be
among the lovely people living free
upon the beach of sunny mozambique."
"i knew a man bojangles and he'd dance for you in worn out shoes
silver hair, a ragged shirt and baggy pants, that old soft shoe
he'd jump so high, he'd jump so high, will he likely touch down ?
mr. bojangles, mr. bojangles, dance.
i met him in a cell in new orleans, i was down and out
he looked to me to be the eye of age as he spoke right out
he talked of life, he talked of life, laughing slapped his leg stale
mr. bojangles, mr. bojangles, dance.
he said the name bojangles and he danced a lick all across the cell
he grabbed his pants for a better stance, oh he jumped so high and he
clicked up his heels
he let go laugh, he let go laugh, shook back his clothes all around
mr. bojangles, mr. bojangles, dance, yeah, dance.
he danced for those at minstrel shows and county fairs throughtout the south
he spoke with tears of 15 years of how his dog and him just travelled about
hid dog up and died, he up and died, and after 20 years he still grieves
mr. bojangles, mr. bojangles, dance.
he said ""i dance now at every chance at honky tonks for drinks and tips
but most of the time i spend behind these county bars, cause i drinks a bit""
he shook his head, yes he shook his head, i heard someone ask him, è¥­lease?
mr. bojangles, mr. bojangles, dance, dance, mr bojangles, dance."
"it was a dark day in dallas, november '63
a day that will live on in infamy
president kennedy was a ridin' high
good day to be livin' and a good day to die
being led to the slaughter like a sacrificial lamb
he said, ""wait a minute, boys, you know who i am? ""
""of course we do, we know who you are""
then they blew off his head while he was still in the car
shot down like a dog in broad daylight
was a matter of timing and the timing was right
you got unpaid debts, we've come to collect
we're gonna kill you with hatred, without any respect
we'll mock you and shock you and we'll put it in your face
we've already got someone here to take your place
the day they blew out the brains of the king
thousands were watching, no one saw a thing
it happened so quickly, so quick, by surprise
right there in front of everyone's eyes
greatest magic trick ever under the sun
perfectly executed, skillfully done
wolfman, oh wolfman, oh wolfman, howl
rub a dub dub, it's a murder most foul
hush, little children, you'll understand
the beatles are comin', they're gonna hold your hand
slide down the banister, go get your coat
ferry 'cross the mersey and go for the throat
there's three bums comin' all dressed in rags
pick up the pieces and lower the flags
i'm goin' to woodstock, it's the aquarian age
then i'll go over to altamont and sit near the stage
put your head out the window, let the good times roll
there's a party going on behind the grassy knoll
stack up the bricks, pour the cement
don't say dallas don't love you, mr. president
put your foot in the tank and then step on the gas
try to make it to the triple underpass
blackface singer, whiteface clown
better not show your faces after the sun goes down
up in the red light district, they've got cop on the beat
living in a nightmare on elm street
when you're down on deep ellum
put your money in your shoe
don't ask what your country can do for you
cash on the barrelhead, money to burn
dealey plaza, make a left hand turn
i'm going down to the crossroads, gonna flag a ride
the place where faith, hope, and charity died
shoot him while he runs, boy, shoot him while you can
see if you can shoot the invisible man
goodbye, charlie, goodbye, uncle sam
frankly, miss scarlett, i don't give a damn
what is the truth, and where did it go?
ask oswald and ruby, they oughta know
""shut your mouth, "" said a wise old owl
business is business, and it's a murder most foul
tommy, can you hear me? i'm the acid queen
i'm riding in a long, black lincoln limousine
ridin' in the back seat next to my wife
headed straight on in to the afterlife
i'm leaning to the left, i got my head in her lap
hold on, i've been led into some kind of a trap
where we ask no quarter, and no quarter do we give
we're right down the street, from the street where you live
they mutilated his body and they took out his brain
what more could they do? they piled on the pain
but his soul was not there where it was supposed to be at
for the last fifty years they've been searchin' for that
freedom, oh freedom, freedom over me
i hate to tell you, mister, but only dead men are free
send me some lovin', then tell me no lie
throw the gun in the gutter and walk on by
wake up, little susie, let's go for a drive
cross the trinity river, let's keep hope alive
turn the radio on, don't touch the dials
parkland hospital, only six more miles
you got me dizzy, miss lizzy, you filled me with lead
that magic bullet of yours has gone to my head
i'm just a patsy like patsy cline
never shot anyone from in front or behind
i've blood in my eye, got blood in my ear
i'm never gonna make it to the new frontier
zapruder's film i seen night before
seen it thirty three times, maybe more
it's vile and deceitful, it's cruel and it's mean
ugliest thing that you ever have seen
they killed him once and they killed him twice
killed him like a human sacrifice
the day that they killed him, someone said to me, ""son
the age of the antichrist has just only begun""
air force one comin' in through the gate
johnson sworn in at 2: 38
let me know when you decide to throw in the towel
it is what it is, and it's murder most foul
what's new, p****cat? what'd i say?
i said the soul of a nation been torn away
and it's beginning to go into a slow decay
and that it's thirty six hours past judgment day
wolfman jack, he's speaking in tongues
he's going on and on at the top of his lungs
play me a song, mr. wolfman jack
play it for me in my long cadillac
play me that ""only the good die young""
take me to the place tom dooley was hung
play ""st. james infirmary"" and the court of king james
if you want to remember, you better write down the names
play etta james, too, play ""i'd rather go blind""
play it for the man with the telepathic mind
play john lee hooker, play ""scratch my back""
play it for that strip club owner named jack
guitar slim going down slow
play it for me and for marilyn monroe
play ""please don't let me be misunderstood""
play it for the first lady, she ain't feeling any good
play don henley, play glenn frey
take it to the limit and let it go by
play it for carl wilson, too
looking far, far away down gower avenue
play ""tragedy"", play ""twilight time""
take me back to tulsa to the scene of the crime
play another one and ""another one bites the dust""
play ""the old rugged cross"" and ""in god we trust""
ride the pink horse down that long, lonesome road
stand there and wait for his head to explode
play ""mystery train"" for mr. mystery
the man who fell down dead like a rootless tree
play it for the reverend, play it for the pastor
play it for the dog that got no master
play oscar peterson, play stan getz
play ""blue sky, "" play d***ey betts
play art pepper, thelonious monk
charlie parker and all that junk
all that junk and ""all that jazz""
play something for the birdman of alcatraz
play buster keaton, play harold lloyd
play bugsy siegel, play pretty boy floyd
play the numbers, play the odds
play ""cry me a river"" for the lord of the gods
play number nine, play number six
play it for lindsey and stevie nicks
play nat king cole, play ""nature boy""
play ""down in the boondocks"" for terry malloy
play ""it happened one night"" and ""one night of sin""
there's twelve million souls that are listening in
play ""merchant of venice"", play ""merchants of death""
play ""stella by starlight"" for lady macbeth
don't worry, mr. president, help's on the way
your brothers are comin', there'll be hell to pay
brothers? what brothers? what's this about hell?
tell them, ""we're waiting, keep coming""
we'll get them as well
love field is where his plane touched down
but it never did get back up off the ground
was a hard act to follow, second to none
they killed him on the altar of the rising sun
play ""misty"" for me and ""that old devil moon""
play ""anything goes"" and ""memphis in june""
play ""lonely at the top"" and ""lonely are the brave""
play it for houdini spinning around in his grave
play jelly roll morton, play ""lucille""
play ""deep in a dream"", and play ""driving wheel""
play ""moonlight sonata"" in f sharp
and ""a key to the highway"" for the king on the harp
play ""marching through georgia""
and ""dumbarton's drums""
play ""darkness"" and death will come when it comes
play ""love me or leave me"" by the great bud powell
play ""the blood stained banner""
play ""murder most foul"""
"who's got a beard that's long and white
santa's got a beard that's long and white
who comes around on a special night
santa comes around on a special night
special night, beard that's white
must be santa
must be santa
must be santa, santa clause
who wears boots and a suit of red
santa wears boots and a suit of red
who wears a long cap on his head
santa wears a long cap on his head
cap on head, suit that's red
special night, beard that's white
must be santa
must be santa
must be santa, santa clause
who's got a big red cherry nose
santa's got a big red cherry nose
who laughs this way ho ho ho
santa laughs this way ho ho ho
ho ho ho, cherry nose
cap on head, suit that's red
special night, beard that's white
must be santa
must be santa
must be santa, santa clause
who very soon will come our way
santa very soon will come our way
eight little reindeer pull his sleigh
santa's little reindeer pull his sleigh
reindeer sleigh, come our way
ho ho ho, cherry nose
cap on head, suit that's red
special night, beard that's white
must be santa
must be santa
must be santa, santa clause
dasher, dancer, prancer, vixen,
comet, cupid, donner and blitzen
reindeer sleigh, come our way
ho ho ho, cherry nose
cap on head, suit that's red
special night, beard that's white
must be santa
must be santa
must be santa, santa clause"
"crimson flames tied through my ears
rollin' high and mighty traps
pounced with fire on flaming roads
using ideas as my maps
""we'll meet on edges, soon,"" said i
proud 'neath heated brow.
ah, but i was so much older then,
'm younger than that now.
half wracked prejudice leaped forth
""rip down all hate,"" i screamed
lies that life is black and white
spoke from my skull. i dreamed
romantic facts of musketeers
foundationed deep, somehow.
ah, but i was so much older then,
i'm younger than that now.
girls' faces formed the forward path
from phony jealousy
to memorizing politics
of ancient history
flung down by corpse evangelists
unthought of, though, somehow.
ah, but i was so much older then,
i'm younger than that now.
a self ordained professor's tongue
too serious to fool
spouted out that liberty
is just equality in school
""equality,"" i spoke the word
as if a wedding vow.
ah, but i was so much older then,
i'm younger than that now.
in a soldier's stance, i aimed my hand
at the mongrel dogs who teach
fearing not that i'd become my enemy
in the instant that i preach
my existence led by confusion boats
mutiny from stern to bow.
ah, but i was so much older then,
i'm younger than that now.
yes, my guard stood hard when abstract threats
too noble to neglect
deceived me into thinking
i had something to protect
good and bad, i define these terms
quite clear, no doubt, somehow.
ah, but i was so much older then,
i'm younger than that now."
"all through the summers, into january
i've been visiting mosques and monasteries
looking for the necessary body parts
limbs and livers and brains and hearts
i'll bring someone to life, is what i wanna do
i'm gonna create my own version of you
well, it must be the winter of my discontent
i wish you'd've taken me with you
wherever you went
they talk all night and they talk all day
but not for a minute
do i believe anything they say
i'm gon' bring someone to life, someone i've never seen
you know what i mean
you know exactly what i mean
i'll take the scar faced pacino
and the godfather vandal
mix it up and attack, and get a robot commander
if i do it all right and put the head on straight
i'll be saved by the creature that i create
i'll get blood from a cactus, gunpowder from ice
i don't gamble with cards and i don't shoot no dice
can you look in my face with your sightless eyes?
can you cross your heart and hope to die?
i'll bring someone to life, someone for real
someone who feels the way that i feel
i study sanskrit and arabic to improve my mind
i wanna do things for the benefit of all my my kind
i say to the willow tree, ""don't wait for me""
i'm saying the hell with all things that used to be
well, i'm get into trouble, then i hit the wall
no place to turn, no place at all
i'll pick a number between a one and two
and i ask myself, ""what would julius caesar do? ""
i'll bring someone to life in more ways than one
don't matter how long it takes, it'll be done when it's done
i'm gon' make you play the piano like leon russell
like liberace, like st. john the apostle
i'll play every number that i can play
i'll see you maybe on judgment day
after midnight, if you still wanna meet
i'll be in black horse tavern on armageddon street
two doors down, not that far a walk
i'll hear your footsteps, you won't have to knock
i'll bring someone to life, balance the scales
i'm not gonna get involved in any insignificant details
you can bring it to st. peter
you can bring it to jerome
you can bring it all the way over
bring it all the way home
bring it to the corner where the children play
you can bring it to me on a silver tray
i'll bring someone to life, spare no expense
do it with decency and common sense
can you tell me what it means, to be or not to be?
you won't get away with fooling me
can you help me walk that good land mile?
can you give me the blessings of your smile?
i'll bring someone to life, use all of my powers
do it in the dark in the wee, small hours
i can see the history of the whole human race
it's all right there, it's carved into your face
should i break it all down? should i fall on my knees?
is there light at the end of the tunnel
can you tell me please?
stand over there by the cypress tree
where the trojan women and children
were sold into slavery
long before the first crusade
way back before england or america were made
step right into the burning hell
where some of the best known enemies of mankind dwell
mr. freud with his dreams, mr. marx with his ax
see the raw hide lash rip the skin from their backs
got the right spirit, you can feel it you can hear it
you've got what they call the immortal spirit
you can feel it all night, you can feel it in the morn
it creeps in your body, the day you were born
one strike of lightning is all that i need
and a blast of electricity
that runs at top speed
shimmy your ribs, i'll stick in the knife
gonna jump start my creation to life
i wanna bring someone to life, turn back the years
do it with laughter and do it with tears"
"well i didn't come here to deal with a dog gone thing
i just came here to hear the drummer's cymbal ring
there ain't no way you can put me down
i just want to say that hell's my wife's home town
well there's reasons for that and reasons for this
i can't think of any just now, but i know they exist
i'm sitting in the sun 'til my skin turns brown
i just want to say that hell's my wife's home town
home town, home town
she can make you steal, make you rob
give you the hives, make you lose your job
make things bad, she can make things worse
she got stuff more potent than a gypsy curse
one of these days, i'll end up on the run
i'm pretty sure, she'll make me kill someone
i'm going inside, roll the shutters down
i just want to say that hell's my wife's home town
well there's plenty to remember, plenty to forget
i still can remember the day we met
i lost my reason long ago
my love for her is all i know
state gone broke, the county's dry
don't be looking at me, with that evil eye
keep on walking don't be hanging around
i'm telling you again that hell's my wife's home town
home town, home town"
"i'm gonna walk across the desert, 'til i'm in my right mind.
i won't even thing about, what i left behind
nothing back there anyway, that i can call my own
go back home, leave me alone
it's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
if i cant work up to you, you'll surely have to work down to me someday
ever since the british, burned the white house down
there's a bleeding wound, in the heart of town
i saw you drinking, from an empty cup
i saw you buried, and i saw you dug up
it's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
if i cant work up to you, you'll surely have to work down to me someday
look down angel, from the skies
help my, weary soul to rise
i kissed her cheek, i dragged your frownyou broke my heart, i was your friend 'til now.
it's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
if i cant work up to you, you'll surely have to work down to me someday
in the courtyard, of the golden sun
you stand and fight, or you break and run
you went and lost, your lovely head
for a drink of wine, and a crust of bread
it's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
if i cant work up to you, you'll surely have to work down to me someday
we neutered and we plundered, on distant shores
why is my share, not equal to yours
your father left you, your mother too
even death has, washed it's hands of you
it's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
if i cant work up to you, you'll surely have to work down to me someday
this is hard country, to stay alive in
blades are everywhere, and they're breaking my skin
i'm armed to the hilt, and i'm struggling hard
you won't get out, of here unscarred.
it's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
if i cant work up to you, you'll surely have to work down to me someday
you got too many lovers, waiting at the wall
about a thousand tons, i couldn't count them all
yesterday, i could've thrown them all in the sea
today, even one, may be too much for me
it's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
if i cant work up to you, you'll surely have to work down to me someday
can't walk them baby, you could do no wrong
put your arms around me, where they belong
i won't take you under, for the ghost to ridelay my hands all over ya, tie you to my side
it's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
if i cant work up to you, you'll surely have to work down to me someday
i've got a heavy stacked woman, with a smile on her face
and she has crowned, my soul with grace
im still hurting from an arrow, that pierced my chest
i'm gonna have to take my head, and bury it between your breasts
it's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
if i cant work up to you, you'll surely have to work down to me someday
been dark all night, but now it's dawn
the moving finger, is moving on
you can guard me, while i sleep
piss away, the tears i weep
it's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
if i cant work up to you, you'll surely have to work down to me someday
i love women, and she loves men
we've been to the west, and we going back again
i heard a voice, at the dusk of day
saying, ""be gentle brother, be gentle and pray.""
it's a long road, it's a long and narrow way
if i cant work up to you, you'll surely have to work down to me someday"
"it's been raining in the trenches all day long, dripping down to my clothes,
my patience is wearing thin, got a fire inside my nose.
searching for the truth the way god designed it,
the truth is i might drown before i find it.
well i need a woman, yes i do
need a woman, yes i do.
someone who can see me as i am,
somebody who just don't give a damn.
and i want you to be that woman every night,
be that woman.
i've had my eyes on you baby for about five long years,
you probably don't know me at all, but i have seen your laughter and tears.
now you don't frighten me, my heart is jumping
and you look like it wouldn't hurt you none to have a man who could give ya something.
well i need a woman, oh don't i
need a woman, bring it home safe at last.
seen you turn the corner, seen your bootheels spark,
seen you in the daylight, and watched you in the dark.
and i want you to be that woman, all right
be that woman every night.
well, if you believe in something long enough you just naturally come to think it's true.
there ain't no wall you can't cross over, ain't no fire you can't walk through.
well, believing is all right, just don't let the wrong people know what it's all about.
they might put the evil eye on you, use their hidden powers to try to turn you out.
well i need a woman, just to be my queen.
need a woman, know what i mean?"
"well, the neighborhood bully, he's just one man,
his enemies say he's on their land.
they got him outnumbered about a million to one,
he got no place to escape to, no place to run.
he's the neighborhood bully.
the neighborhood bully just lives to survive,
he's criticized and condemned for being alive.
he's not supposed to fight back, he's supposed to have thick skin,
he's supposed to lay down and die when his door is kicked in.
he's the neighborhood bully.
the neighborhood bully been driven out of every land,
he's wandered the earth an exiled man.
seen his family scattered, his people hounded and torn,
he's always on trial for just being born.
he's the neighborhood bully.
well, he knocked out a lynch mob, he was criticized,
old women condemned him, said he should apologize.
then he destroyed a bomb factory, nobody was glad.
the bombs were meant for him.
he was supposed to feel bad.
he's the neighborhood bully.
well, the chances are against it and the odds are slim
that he'll live by the rules that the world makes for him,
'cause there's a noose at his neck and a gun at his back
and a license to kill him is given out to every maniac.
he's the neighborhood bully.
he got no allies to really speak of.
what he gets he must pay for, he don't get it out of love.
he buys obsolete weapons and he won't be denied
but no one sends flesh and blood to fight by his side.
he's the neighborhood bully.
well, he's surrounded by pacifists who all want peace,
they pray for it nightly that the bloodshed must cease.
now, they wouldn't hurt a fly.
to hurt one they would weep.
they lay and they wait for this bully to fall asleep.
he's the neighborhood bully.
every empire that's enslaved him is gone,
egypt and rome, even the great babylon.
he's made a garden of paradise in the desert sand,
in bed with nobody, under no one's command.
he's the neighborhood bully.
now his holiest books have been trampled upon,
no contract he signed was worth what it was written on.
he took the crumbs of the world and he turned it into wealth,
took sickness and disease and he turned it into health.
he's the neighborhood bully.
what's anybody indebted to him for?
nothin', they say.
he just likes to cause war.
pride and prejudice and superstition indeed,
they wait for this bully like a dog waits to feed.
he's the neighborhood bully.
what has he done to wear so many scars?
does he change the course of rivers?
does he pollute the moon and stars?
neighborhood bully, standing on the hill,
running out the clock, time standing still,
neighborhood bully."
"lost john's sittin' on a railroad track
something's out of whack
blues this morning falling down like hail
gonna leave a greasy trail
gonna travel the world is what i'm gonna do
then come back and see you.
all i ever do is struggle and strive.
if i don't do anybody any harm, i might make it back home alive.
i'm the oldest son of a crazy man,
i'm in a cowboy band
got a pile of sins to pay for and i ain't got time to hide
i'd walk through a blazing fire, baby, if i knew you was on the other side
oh, i miss you, nettie moore
and my happiness is o'r
winter's gone, the river's on the rise
i loved you then, and ever shall
but there's no one left here to tell
the world has gone black before my eyes
well, the world of research has gone berserk
too much paperwork
albert's in the graveyard, frankie's raising hell
i'm beginning to believe what the scriptures tell
i've gone where the southern crosses the yellow dog
get away from all these demagogues
and these bad luck women stick like glue
it's either one or the other or neither of the two
she says, ""look out, daddy, don't want you to tear your pants
you could get wrecked in this dance.""
they say whisky'll kill you, but i don't think it will
i'm ridin' with you to the top of the hill
oh, i miss you, nettie moore
and my happiness is o'r
winter's gone, the river's on the rise
i loved you then, and ever shall
but there's no one left here to tell
the world has gone black before my eyes
don't know why my baby never looked so good before
don't have to wonder no more
she been cooking all day, it gonna take me all night
i can't eat all that stuff in a single bite
the judge's coming in, everybody rise
lift up your eyes
you can do what you please, you don't need my advice
'fore you call me any dirty names, you better think twice
getting light outside, the temperature dropped
i think the rain has stopped
i'm gonna make you come to grips with fate
when i'm through with you, you'll learn to keep your business straight
oh, i miss you, nettie moore
and my happiness is o'r
winter's gone, the river's on the rise
i loved you then, and ever shall
but there's no one left here to tell
the world has gone black before my eyes
the bright spark of the steady lights
has dimmed my sights
when you're around me all my grief gives 'way
a life time with you is like some heavenly day
everything i've ever known to be right has been proven wrong
i'll be drifting along
the woman i'm loving she rules my heart
no knife could ever cut our love apart.
today i'll stand in faith and raise
the voice of praise
the sun is strong, i'm standing in the light
i wish to god that it were night
oh, i miss you, nettie moore
and my happiness is o'r
winter's gone, the river's on the rise
i loved you then, and ever shall
but there's no one here left to tell
the world has gone black before my eyes
thats one of me thats nothing girls"
"now you're here beside me, baby,
you're a living dream.
and every time you get this close
it makes me want to scream.
you touched me and you knew
that i was warm for you and then,
i ain't never gonna be the same again.
sorry if i hurt you, baby,
sorry if i did.
sorry if i touched the place
where your secrets are hid.
but you meant more than everything,
and i could not pretend,
i ain't never gonna be the same again.
you give me something to think about, baby,
every time i see ya.
don't worry, baby, i don't mind leaving,
i'd just like it to be my idea.
you taught me how to love you, baby,
you taught me, oh, so well.
now, i can't go back to what was, baby,
i can't unring the bell.
you took my reality
and cast it to the wind
and i ain't never gonna be the same again."
"twilight on the frozen lake
north wind about to break
on footprints in the snow
silence down below.
you're beautiful beyond words
you're beautiful to me
you can make me cry
never say goodbye.
time is all i have to give
you can have it if you choose
with me you can live
never say goodbye.
my dreams are made of iron and steel
with a big bouquet
of roses hanging down
from the heavens to the ground.
the crashing waves roll over me
as i stand upon the sand
wait for you to come
and grab hold of my hand.
oh, baby, baby, baby blue
you'll change your last name, too
you've turned your hair to brown
love to see it hangin' down."
"maybe i'm right, maybe i'm wrong
maybe i'm weak, maybe i'm strong
but nevertheless i'm in love with you
maybe i'll win, maybe i'll lose
and maybe i'm in for cryin' the blues
but nevertheless i'm in love with you
somehow, i know at a glance
the terrible chances i'm taking
fine at the start
then left with a heart that is breaking
maybe i'll live a life of regret
and maybe i'll give much more than i get
but nevertheless, i'm in love with you
maybe i'll live a life of regret
and maybe i'll give so much more than i get
but nevertheless, i'm in love with you"
"can't you hear that rooster crowin'?
rabbit runnin' down across the road
underneath the bridge where the water flowed through
so happy just to see you smile
underneath the sky of blue
on this new morning, new morning
on this new morning with you.
can't you hear that motor turnin'?
automobile comin' into style
comin' down the road for a country mile or two
so happy just to see you smile
underneath the sky of blue
on this new morning, new morning
on this new morning with you.
the night passed away so quickly
it always does when you're with me.
can't you feel that sun a shinin'?
ground hog runnin' by the country stream
this must be the day that all of my dreams come true
so happy just to be alive
underneath the sky of blue
on this new morning, new morning
on this new morning with you.
so happy just to be alive
underneath the sky of blue
on this new morning, new morning
on this new morning with you.
new morning . ."
"once i had a pony, her name was lucifer
i had a pony, her name was lucifer
she broke her leg and she needed shooting
i swear it hurt me more than it could ever have hurted her
sometimes i wonder what's going on in the mind of miss x
sometimes i wonder what's going on in the mind of miss x
you know she got such a sweet disposition
i never know what the poor girl's gonna do to me next
i got a new pony, she knows how to fox trot, lope and pace
well, i got a new pony, she knows how to fox trot, lope and pace
she got great big hind legs
and long black shaggy hair above her face
well now, it was early in the mornin', i seen your shadow in the door
it was early in the mornin', i seen your shadow in the door
now, i don't have to ask nobody
i know what you come here for
they say you're usin' voodoo, your feet walk by themselves
they say you're usin' voodoo, i seen your feet walk by themselves
oh, baby, that god you been prayin' to
is gonna give ya back what you're wishin' on someone else
come over here pony, i, i wanna climb up one time on you
come over here pony, i, i wanna climb up one time on you
well, you're so bad and nasty
but i love you, yes i do"
"ninety miles an hour
words by h blair & d. robertson
sung by bob dylan
i took you home from a party and we kissed in fun
a few stolen kisses and no harm was done
instead of stopping when we could we went right on
till suddenly we found that the brakes were gone.
you belong to someone else, and i do too
it's just crazy bein' here with you
as a bad motorcycle with the devil in the seat
going ninety miles an hour down a dead end street
ninety miles an hour down a dead end street.
i didn't want to want you, but now i have no choice
it's too late to listen to that warning voice
all i hear is thunder of two hearts beat
going ninety miles an hour down a dead end street
ninety miles an hour down a dead end street.
you're not free to belong to me
and you know i could never be your own
your lips on mine are like a sweet, sweet wine
but we're heading for a wall of stone.
warning signs are flashing ev'ry where, but we pay no heed
'stead of slowing down the place, we keep a pickin' up speed
disaster's getting closer ev'ry time we meet
going ninety miles an hour down a dead end street
yeah, ninety miles an hour down a dead end street
well, ninety miles an hour down a dead end street."
"no more auction block for me
no more, no more
no more auction block for me
many thousands gone
no more driver's lash for me
no more, no more
no more driver's lash for me
many thousands gone
no more whip lash for me
no more, no more
no more pint of salt for me
many thousands gone
no more auction block for me
no more, no more
no more auction block for me
many thousands gone"
"in death, you face life with a child and a wife
who sleep walks through your dreams into walls.
you're a soldier of mercy, you're cold and you curse,
""he who cannot be trusted must fall.""
loneliness, tenderness, high society, notoriety.
you fight for the throne and you travel alone
unknown as you slowly sink
and there's no time to think.
in the federal city you been blown and shown pity,
in secret, for pieces of change.
the empress attracts you but oppression distracts you
and it makes you feel violent and strange.
memory, ecstasy, tyranny, hypocrisy
betrayed by a kiss on a cool night of bliss
in the valley of the missing link
and you have no time to think.
judges will haunt you, the country priestess will want you
her worst is better than best.
i've seen all these decoys through a set of deep turquoise eyes
and i feel so depressed.
china doll, alcohol, duality, mortality.
mercury rules you and destiny fools you
like the plague, with a dangerous wink
and there's no time to think.
your conscience betrayed you when some tyrant waylaid you
where the lion lies down with the lamb.
i'd have paid off the traitor and killed him much later
but that's just the way that i am.
paradise, sacrifice, mortality, reality.
but the magician is quicker and his game
is much thicker than blood and blacker than ink
and there's no time to think.
anger and jealousy's all that he sells us,
he's content when you're under his thumb.
madmen oppose him, but your kindness throws him
to survive it you play deaf and dumb.
equality, liberty, humility, simplicity.
you glance through the mirror and there's eyes staring clear
at the back of your head as you drink
and there's no time to think.
warlords of sorrow and queens of tomorrow
will offer their heads for a prayer.
you can't find no salvation, you have no expectations
anytime, anyplace, anywhere.
mercury, gravity, nobility, humility.
you know you can't keep her and the water gets deeper
that is leading you onto the brink
but there's no time to think.
you've murdered your vanity, buried your sanity
for pleasure you must now resist.
lovers obey you but they cannot sway you
they're not even sure you exist.
socialism, hypnotism, patriotism, materialism.
fools making laws for the breaking of jaws
and the sound of the keys as they clink
but there's no time to think.
the bridge that you travel on goes to the babylon girl
with the rose in her hair.
starlight in the east and you're finally released
you're stranded but with nothing to share.
loyalty, unity, epitome, rigidity.
you turn around for one real last glimpse of camille
'neath the moon shinin' bloody and pink
and there's no time to think.
bullets can harm you and death can disarm you
but no, you will not be deceived.
stripped of all virtue as you crawl through the dirt,
you can give but you cannot receive.
no time to choose when the truth must die,
no time to lose or say goodbye,
no time to prepare for the victim that's there,
no time to suffer or blink
and no time to think."
"there's nothing 'round here i believe in
'cept you, yeah you
and there's nothing to me that's sacred
'cept you, yeah you
you're the one that reaches me
you're the one that i admire
every time we meet together
my soul feels like it's on fire
nothing matters to me
and there's nothing i desire
'cept you, yeah you
nothing 'round here i care to try for
'cept you, yeah you
got nothing left to live or die for
'cept you, yeah you
there's a hymn i used to hear
in the churches all the time
make me feel so good inside
so peaceful, so sublime
and there's nothing to remind me of that
old familiar chime
'cept you, uh huh you
used to play in the cemetery
dance and sing and run when i was a child
never seemed strange
but now i just pass mournfully by
that place where the bones of life are piled
i know somethin' has changed
i'm a stranger here and no one sees me
'cept you, yeah you
nothing much matters or seems to please me
'cept you, yeah you
nothing hypnotizes me
or holds me in a spell
everything runs by me
just like water from a well
everybody wants my attention
ev'rybody's got something to sell
'cept you, yeah you"
"come gather 'round friends
and i'll tell you a tale
of when the red iron pits ran plenty.
but the cardboard filled windows
and old men on the benches
tell you now that the whole town is empty.
in the north end of town,
my own children are grown
but i was raised on the other.
in the wee hours of youth,
my mother took sick
and i was brought up by my brother.
the iron ore poured
as the years passed the door,
the drag lines an' the shovels they was a humming.
'til one day my brother
failed to come home
the same as my father before him.
well a long winter's wait,
from the window i watched.
my friends they couldn't have been kinder.
and my schooling was cut
as i quit in the spring
to marry john thomas, a miner.
oh the years passed again
and the givin' was good,
with the lunch bucket filled every season.
what with three babies born,
the work was cut down
to a half a day's shift with no reason.
then the shaft was soon shut
and more work was cut,
and the fire in the air, it felt frozen.
'til a man come to speak
and he said in one week
that number eleven was closin'.
they complained in the east,
they are paying too high.
they say that your ore ain't worth digging.
that it's much cheaper down
in the south american towns
where the miners work almost for nothing.
so the mining gates locked
and the red iron rotted
and the room smelled heavy from drinking.
where the sad, silent song
made the hour twice as long
as i waited for the sun to go sinking.
i lived by the window
as he talked to himself,
this silence of tongues it was building.
then one morning's wake,
the bed it was bare,
and i's left alone with three children.
the summer is gone,
the ground's turning cold,
the stores one by one they're a foldin'.
my children will go
as soon as they grow.
well, there ain't nothing here now to hold them."
"shadows are falling and i've been here all day
it's too hot to sleep time is running away
feel like my soul has turned into steel
i've still got the scars that the sun didn't heal
there's not even room enough to be anywhere
it's not dark yet, but it's getting there
well my sense of humanity has gone down the drain
behind every beautiful face there's been some kind of pain
she wrote me a letter and she wrote it so kind
she put down in writing what was in her mind
i just don't see why i should even care
it's not dark yet, but it's getting there
well, i've been to london and i've been to g** paree
i've followed the river and i got to the sea
i've been down on the bottom of a world full of lies
i ain't looking for nothing in anyone's eyes
sometimes my burden seems more than i can bear
it's not dark yet, but it's getting there
i was born here and i'll die here against my will
i know it looks like i'm moving, but i'm standing still
every nerve in my body is so vacant and numb
i can't even remember what it was i came here to get away from
don't even hear a murmur of a prayer
it's not dark yet, but it's getting there."
"nothing was delivered
and i tell this truth to you,
not out of spite or anger
but simply because it's true.
now, i hope you won't object to this,
giving back all of what you owe,
the fewer words you have to waste on this,
the sooner you can go.
nothing is better, nothing is best,
take heed of this and get plenty of rest.
nothing was delivered
but i can't say i sympathize
with what your fate is going to be,
yes, for telling all those lies.
now you must provide some answers
for what you sell has not been received,
and the sooner you come up with them,
the sooner you can leave.
nothing is better, nothing is best,
take heed of this and get plenty rest.
nothing was delivered
and it's up to you to say
just what you had in mind
when you made ev'rybody pay.
no, nothing was delivered,
yes, 'n' someone must explain
that as long as it takes to do this
then that's how long that you'll remain.
nothing is better, nothing is best,
take heed of this and get plenty rest."
"o come, all ye faithful
joyful and triumphant
o come ye
o come ye to bethlehem
come and behold him
born the king of angels
o come, let us adore him
o come, let us adore him
o come, let us adore him
christ, the lord
sing, choirs of angels
sing in exultation
sing, all ye citizens
of heaven above
glory to god
glory in the highest
o come, let us adore him
o come, let us adore him
o come, let us adore him
christ, the lord
yea, lord, we greet thee
born this happy morning
jesus, to thee be
all glory given
son of the father
now in flesh appearing
o come, let us adore him
o come, let us adore him
o come, let us adore him
christ, the lord"
"early in the mornin'
early in the mornin'
i'm callin' you to
i'm callin' you to
please come home
yes, i guess i could make it without you
if i just didn't feel so all alone
don't let me down
don't let me down
i won't let you down
i won't let you down
no i won't
you know i can if you can, honey
but, honey, please don't
i got my black dog barkin'
black dog barkin'
yes it is now
yes it is now
outside my yard
yes, i could tell you what he means
if i just didn't have to try so hard
your mama's workin'
your mama's moanin'
she's cryin' you know
she's tryin' you know
you better go now
well, i'd tell you what she wants
but i just don't know how
fifteen jugglers
fifteen jugglers
five believers
five believers
all dressed like men
tell yo' mama not to worry because
they're just my friends
early in the mornin'
early in the mornin'
i'm callin' you to
i'm callin' you to
please come home
yes, i could make it without you
if i just did not feel so all alone"
"i plan it all and i take my place
you break your promise all over the place
you promised to love me, but what do i see
just you comin' and spillin' juice over me
odds and ends, odds and ends
lost time is not found again
now, you take your file and you bend my head
i never can remember anything that you said
you promised to love me, but what do i know
you're always spillin' juice on me like you got someplace to go
odds and ends, odds and ends
lost time is not found again
now, i've had enough, my box is clean
you know what i'm sayin' and you know what i mean
from now on you'd best get on someone else
while you're doin' it, keep that juice to yourself
odds and ends, odds and ends
lost time is not found again"
"oh, sister, when i come to lie in your arms
you should not treat me like a stranger.
our father would not like the way that you act
and you must realize the danger.
oh, sister, am i not a brother to you
and one deserving of affection?
and is our purpose not the same on this earth,
to love and follow
his direction?
we grew up together
from the cradle to the grave
we died and were reborn
and then mysteriously saved.
oh, sister, when i come to knock on your door,
don't turn away, you'll create sorrow.
time is an ocean but it ends at the shore
you may not see me tomorrow."
"on a little street in singapore
with me   beside a lotus covered door
a veil of moonlight on her lovely face
how pale the hands that held me in embrace
my sails tonight
are filled with perfume of shalimar
and temple bells that guide me to her shore
and then i hold you in my arms
and love the way i loved before
on a little street in singapore"
"on a night like this
so glad you came around,
hold on to me so tight
and heat up some coffee grounds.
we got much to talk about
and much to reminisce,
it sure is right
on a night like this.
on a night like this
so glad you've come to stay
hold on to me, pretty miss
say you'll never go away to stray.
run your fingers down my spine
bring me a touch of bliss
it sure feels right
on a night like this.
on a night like this
i can't get any sleep,
the air is so cold outside
and the snow's so deep.
build a fire, throw on logs
and listen to it hiss
and let it burn, burn, burn, burn
on a night like this.
put your body next to mine
and keep me company,
there is plenty a room for all,
so please don't elbow me.
let the four winds blow
around this old cabin door,
if i'm not too far off i think we did this once
before.
there's more frost on the window glass
with each new tender kiss,
but it sure feels right
on a night like this."
"well, i woke up in the morning
there's frogs inside my socks
your mama, she's a hidin'
inside the icebox
your daddy walks in wearin'
a napoleon bonaparte mask
then you ask why i don't live here
honey, do you have to ask?
well, i go to pet your monkey
i get a face full of claws
i ask who's in the fireplace
and you tell me santa claus
the milkman comes in
he's wearing a derby hat
then you ask why i don't live here
honey, how come you have to ask me that?
well, i asked for something to eat
i'm hungry as a hog
so i get brown rice, seaweed
and a dirty hot dog
i've got a hole
where my stomach disappeared
then you ask why i don't live here
honey, i gotta think you're really weird.
your grandpa's cane
it turns into a sword
your grandma prays to pictures
that are pasted on a board
everything inside my pockets
your uncle steals
then you ask why i don't live here
honey, i can't believe that you're for real.
well, there's fist fights in the kitchen
they're enough to make me cry
the mailman comes in
even he's gotta take a side
even the butler
he's got something to prove
then you ask why i don't live here
honey, how come you don't move?"
"one for the road
one for my baby
one for the road
i cry alone at night
please tell me it's only night
and she's calling me back at night
and she's already home
one for my baby
one for the road
one for my baby
one for the road
i cry alone at night
there is no friend in sight
i love getting back at night
but i wish i don't
one for my baby
one for the road
one for my baby
one for the road
this bottle is dried up too
and i'll be all cried up soon
i can't see no god on the moon
it's a long way to go
one for my baby
one for the road
one for my baby
one for the road
i cry alone at night
he's not alone at night
i'll be there my whole night
but i wish it was whole
one for my baby
one for the road
one for my baby
one for the road"
"one man's loss always is another man's gain
let's take a cherry, i can't make it no more
can't stop,
she's breaking all time on the floor
better come down easy or don't come down at all
you don't try and to please me, somebody's gonna fall
one man's loss always is another man's gain
yes, one man's joy
always is another man's pain
eight o'clock in the morning, better step aside
let me be to your warning, you better go by
three times a loser, number 45
better not lose her, best stayed alive
one man's loss always is another man's gain
yes, one man's joy always
is another man's pain
wish i'd have found me at the wall
one look at the watch, you better lord at all
you can't stop it or wait it at night
too hard to keep you waiting, calls me aside
one man's loss always is another man's gain
yes, one man's joy always
is another man's pain"
"your breath is sweet
your eyes are like two jewels in the sky.
your back is straight, your hair is smooth
on the pillow where you lie.
but i don't sense affection
no gratitude or love
your loyalty is not to me
but to the stars above.
one more cup of coffee for the road,
one more cup of coffee 'fore i go
to the valley below.
your daddy he's an outlaw
and a wanderer by trade
he'll teach you how to pick and choose
and how to throw the blade.
he oversees his kingdom
so no stranger does intrude
his voice it trembles as he calls out
for another plate of food.
one more cup of coffee for the road,
one more cup of coffee 'fore i go
to the valley below.
your sister sees the future
like your mama and yourself.
you've never learned to read or write
there's no books upon your shelf.
and your pleasure knows no limits
your voice is like a meadowlark
but your heart is like an ocean
mysterious and dark.
one more cup of coffee for the road,
one more cup of coffee 'fore i go
to the valley below."
"one more night, the stars are in sight
but tonight i'm as lonesome as can be.
oh, the moon is shinin' bright,
lighting ev'rything in sight,
but tonight no light will shine on me.
oh, it's shameful and it's sad,
i lost the only pal i had,
i just could not be what she wanted me to be.
i will turn my head up high
to that dark and rolling sky,
for tonight no light will shine on me.
i was so mistaken when i thought that she'd be true,
i had no idea what a woman in love would do!
one more night, i will wait for the light
while the wind blows high above the tree.
oh, i miss my darling so, i didn't mean to see her go,
but tonight no light will shine on me.
one more night, the moon is shinin' bright
and the wind blows high above the tree.
oh, i miss that woman so,
i didn't mean to see her go,
but tonight no light will shine on me."
"slippin' and slidin' like a weasel on the run,
i'm lookin' good to see you, yeah, and we can have some fun.
one more weekend, one more weekend with you,
one more weekend, one more weekend'll do.
come on down to my ship, honey, ride on deck,
we'll fly over the ocean just like you suspect.
one more weekend, one more weekend with you.
one more weekend, one more weekend'll do.
we'll fly the night away,
hang out the whole next day,
things will be okay,
you wait and see.
we'll go someplace unknown,
leave all the children home,
honey, why not go alone
just you and me.
comin' and goin' like a rabbit in the wood,
i'm happy just to see you, yeah, lookin' so good.
one more weekend, one more weekend with you,
one more weekend, one more weekend'll do .
like a needle in a haystack, i'm gonna find you yet,
you're the sweetest gone mama that this boy's ever gonna get.
one more weekend, one more weekend with you,
one more weekend, one more weekend'll do."
"i didn't mean to treat you so bad
you shouldn't take it so personal
i didn't mean to make you so sad
you just happened to be there, that's all
when i saw you say ""goodbye"" to your friend and smile
i thought that it was well understood
that you'd be comin' back in a little while
i didn't know that you were sayin' ""goodbye"" for good
but, sooner or later, one of us must know
you just did what you're supposed to do
sooner or later, one of us must know
that i really did try to get close to you
i couldn't see what you could show me
your scarf had kept your mouth well hid
i couldn't see how you could know me
but you said you knew me and i believed you did
when you whispered in my ear
and asked me if i was leavin' with you or her
i didn't realize just what i did hear
i didn't realize how young you were
but, sooner or later, one of us must know
you just did what you're supposed to do
sooner or later, one of us must know
that i really did try to get close to you
i couldn't see when it started snowin'
your voice was all that i heard
i couldn't see where we were goin'
but you said you knew an' i took your word
and then you told me later, as i apologized
that you were just kiddin' me, you weren't really from the farm
an' i told you, as you clawed out my eyes
that i never really meant to do you any harm
but, sooner or later, one of us must know
you just did what you're supposed to do
sooner or later, one of us must know
that i really did try to get close to you"
"down the street the dogs are barkin'
and the day is a gettin' dark.
as the night comes in a fallin',
the dogs 'll lose their bark.
an' the silent night will shatter
from the sounds inside my mind,
for i'm one too many mornings
and a thousand miles behind.
from the crossroads of my doorstep,
my eyes they start to fade,
as i turn my head back to the room
where my love and i have laid.
an' i gaze back to the street,
the sidewalk and the sign,
and i'm one too many mornings
an' a thousand miles behind.
it's a restless hungry feeling
that don't mean no one no good,
when ev'rything i'm a sayin'
you can say it just as good.
you're right from your side,
i'm right from mine.
we're both just too many mornings
an' a thousand miles behind."
"as i was out walking on a corner one day,
i spied an old hobo, in a doorway he lay.
his face was all grounded in the cold sidewalk floor
and i guess he'd been there for the whole night or more.
only a hobo, but one more is gone
leavin' nobody to sing his sad song
leavin' nobody to carry him home
only a hobo, but one more is gone
a blanket of newspaper covered his head,
as the curb was his pillow, the street was his bed.
one look at his face showed the hard road he'd come
and a fistful of coins showed the money he bummed.
only a hobo, but one more is gone
leavin' nobody to sing his sad song
leavin' nobody to carry him home
only a hobo, but one more is gone
does it take much of a man to see his whole life go down,
to look up on the world from a hole in the ground,
to wait for your future like a horse that's gone lame,
to lie in the gutter and die with no name?
only a hobo, but one more is gone
leavin' nobody to sing his sad song
leavin' nobody to carry him home
only a hobo, but one more is gone"
"a bullet from the back of a bush took medgar evers' blood.
a finger fired the trigger to his name.
a handle hid out in the dark
a hand set the spark
two eyes took the aim
behind a man's brain
but he can't be blamed
he's only a pawn in their game.
a south politician preaches to the poor white man,
""you got more than the blacks, don't complain.
you're better than them, you been born with white skin,"" they explain.
and the negro's name
is used it is plain
for the politician's gain
as he rises to fame
and the poor white remains
on the caboose of the train
but it ain't him to blame
he's only a pawn in their game.
the deputy sheriffs, the soldiers, the governors get paid,
and the marshals and cops get the same,
but the poor white man's used in the hands of them all like a tool.
he's taught in his school
from the start by the rule
that the laws are with him
to protect his white skin
to keep up his hate
so he never thinks straight
'bout the shape that he's in
but it ain't him to blame
he's only a pawn in their game.
from the poverty shacks, he looks from the cracks to the tracks,
and the hoof beats pound in his brain.
and he's taught how to walk in a pack
shoot in the back
with his fist in a clinch
to hang and to lynch
to hide 'neath the hood
to kill with no pain
like a dog on a chain
he ain't got no name
but it ain't him to blame
he's only a pawn in their game.
today, medgar evers was buried from the bullet he caught.
they lowered him down as a king.
but when the shadowy sun sets on the one
that fired the gun
he'll see by his grave
on the stone that remains
carved next to his name
his epitaph plain:
only a pawn in their game."
"now, there's a certain thing
that i learned from jim
that he'd always make sure i'd understand
and that is that there's a certain way
that a man must swim
if he expects to live off
of the fat of the land.
open the door, homer,
i've heard it said before.
open the door, homer,
i've heard it said before
but i ain't gonna hear it said no more.
now, there's a certain thing
that i learned from my friend, mouse
a fella who always blushes
and that is that ev'ryone
must always flush out his house
if he don't expect to be
goin' 'round housing flushes.
open the door, homer,
i've heard it said before.
open the door, homer,
i've heard it said before
but i ain't gonna hear it said no more.
""take care of all your memories""
said my friend, mick
""for you cannot relive them
and remember when you're out there
tryin' to heal the sick
that you must always
first forgive them.""
open the door, homer,
i've heard it said before.
open the door, homer,
i've heard it said before
but i ain't gonna hear it said no more."
"i had a hard time waking this morning
i got a lotta things on my mind
like those friends of yours
they keep bringing me down
just hangin' round all the time
i've had a hard time waking most mornings
and it's been that way for a month or more
you've had things your way
but now i've got to say
i'm on my way out the door
chorus:
why don't you get right, try to get right, baby
you haven't been right with me, why don't you get right?
try and get right, baby, don't you remember how it used to be?
you had a hard time waking this morning
and i can see it in your empty eyes
but there's no need for talking
or walking round the block
just to figure out the reason why
i have a hard time handing out warnings
i'll just slide on out the door
cuz i'm tired of everything
being beautiful, beautiful
and i ain't coming back no more"
"ain't it hard to stumble
and land in some funny lagoon?
ain't it hard to stumble
and land in some muddy lagoon?
especially when it's nine below zero
and three o'clock in the afternoon.
ain't gonna hang no picture,
ain't gonna hang no picture frame.
ain't gonna hang no picture,
ain't gonna hang no picture frame.
well, i might look like robert ford
but i feel just like a jesse james.
well, i wish i was on some
australian mountain range.
oh, i wish i was on some
australian mountain range.
i got no reason to be there, but i
imagine it would be some kind of change.
i got my dark sunglasses,
i got for good luck my black tooth.
i got my dark sunglasses,
i'm carryin' for good luck my black tooth.
don't ask me nothin' about nothin',
i just might tell you the truth.
i got a woman in jackson,
i ain't gonna say her name.
i got a woman in jackson,
i ain't gonna say her name.
she's a brown skin woman,
but i love her just the same."
"oxford town, oxford town
everybody's got their heads bowed down
sun don't shine above the ground
ain't a goin' down to oxford town
he went down to oxford town
guns and clubs followed him down
just because his face was brown
better get away from oxford town
oxford town around the bend
he went to the door, he couldn't get in
all because of the colour of his skin
what do you think about that my friend?
me, my gal and my gal's son
we got met with a tear gas bomb
don't even know why we come
we're goin' back where we come from
oxford town in the afternoon
everybody's singin' a sorrowful tune
two men died 'neath the mississippi moon
somebody better investigate soon
oxford town, oxford town
everybody's got their heads bowed down
sun don't shine above the ground
ain't a goin' down to oxford town"
"the trail is dusty
and my road it might be rough,
but the better roads are waiting
and boys it ain't far off.
trails of troubles,
roads of battles,
paths of victory,
we shall walk.
i walked down by the river,
i turned my head up high.
i saw that silver linin'
that was hangin' in the sky.
trails of troubles,
roads of battles,
paths of victory,
we shall walk.
the evenin' dusk was rollin',
i was walking down the track.
there was a one way wind a blowin'
and it was blowin' at my back.
trails of troubles,
roads of battles,
paths of victory,
we shall walk.
the gravel road is bumpy,
it's a hard road to ride,
but there's a clearer road a waitin'
with the cinders on the side.
trails of troubles,
roads of battles,
paths of victory,
we shall walk.
that evening train was rollin',
the hummin' of its wheels,
my eyes they saw a better day
as i looked across the fields.
trails of troubles,
roads of battles,
paths of victory,
we shall walk.
the trail is dusty,
the road it might be rough,
but the good road is a waitin'
and boys it ain't far off.
trails of troubles,
roads of battles,
paths of victory,
we shall walk."
"well i'm grinding my life out, steady and sure
nothing more wretched than what i must endure
i'm drenched in the light that shines from the sun
i could stone you to death for the wrongs that you done
sooner or later you make a mistake,
i'll put you in a chain that you never will break
legs and arms and body and bone
i pay in blood, but not my own.
night after night, day after day
they strip your useless hopes away
the more i take the more i give
the more i die the more i live
i got something in my pocket make your eyeballs swim
i got dogs could tear you limb from limb
i'm circlin' around the southern zone
i pay in blood, but not my own.
low cards are what i've got
but i'll play this hand whether i like it or not
i'm sworn to uphold the laws of god
you could put me out in front of a firing squad
i've been out and around with the rising men
just like you my handsome friend
my head's so hard, must be made of stone
i pay in blood, but not my own.
another politician pumping out the piss
another angry beggar blowing you a kiss
you got the same eyes that your mother does
if only you could prove who your father was
someone must of slipped a drug in yer wine
you gulped it down and you cross the line
man can't live by bread alone
i pay in blood, but not my own.
how i made it back home, nobody knows
or how i survived so many blows
i've been thru hell, what good did it do?
you bastard!!! i'm suppose to respect you!!
i'll give you justice, i'll fattem your purse
show me your moral that you reversed
hear me holler and hear me moan
i pay in blood but not my own.
you get your lover in the bed
come here i'll break your lousy head
our nation must be saved and freed
you've been accused of murder, how do you plead?
this is how i spend my days
i came to bury, not to raise
i'll drink my fill and sleep alone
i play in blood, but not my own."
"peggy day stole my poor heart away,
by golly, what more can i say,
love to spend the night with peggy day.
peggy night makes my future look so bright,
man, that girl is out of sight,
love to spend the day with peggy night.
well, you know that even before i learned her name,
you know i loved her just the same.
an' i tell 'em all, wherever i may go,
just so they'll know, that she's my little lady
and i love her so.
peggy day stole my poor heart away,
turned my skies to blue from gray,
love to spend the night with peggy day.
peggy day stole my poor heart away,
by golly, what more can i say,
love to spend the night with peggy day.
love to spend the night with peggy day."
"people get ready, there's a train a comin'
don't need no baggage, you just get on board
all you need is faith to hear the diesels hummin'
don't need no ticket, you just thank the lord
people get ready for the train to jordan
picking up passengers, coast to coast
faith is the key, open the doors and board 'em
there's room for all among those loved the most
there ain't no room for the hopeless sinner
who would hurt all mankind just to save his own
have pity on those whose chances grow thinner
oh, there's no hidin' place against the kingdom's throne
so people get ready, there's a train a comin'
don't need no baggage, you just get on board
all you need is faith, open the doors and board 'em
don't need no ticket, you just thank the lord"
"bad news, bad news,
come to me where i sleep,
turn, turn, turn again.
sayin' one of your friends
is in trouble deep,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
tell me the trouble,
tell once to my ear,
turn, turn, turn again.
joliet prison
and ninety nine years,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
oh what's the charge
of how this came to be,
turn, turn, turn again.
manslaughter
in the highest of degree,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
i sat down and wrote
the best words i could write,
turn, turn, turn again.
explaining to the judge
i'd be there on wednesday night,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
without a reply,
i left by the moon,
turn, turn, turn again.
and was in his chambers
by the next afternoon,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
could ya tell me the facts?
i said without fear,
turn, turn, turn again.
that a friend of mine
would get ninety nine years,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
a crash on the highway
flew the car to a field,
turn, turn, turn again.
there was four persons killed
and he was at the wheel,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
but i knew him as good
as i'm knowin' myself,
turn, turn, turn again.
and he wouldn't harm a life
that belonged to someone else,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
the judge spoke
out of the side of his mouth,
turn, turn, turn again.
sayin', ""the witness who saw,
he left little doubt,""
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
that may be true,
he's got a sentence to serve,
turn, turn, turn again.
but ninety nine years,
he just don't deserve,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
too late, too late,
for his case it is sealed,
turn, turn, turn again.
his sentence is passed
and it cannot be repealed,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
but he ain't no criminal
and his crime it is none,
turn, turn, turn again.
what happened to him
could happen to anyone,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
and at that the judge jerked forward
and his face it did freeze,
turn, turn, turn again.
sayin', ""could you kindly leave
my office now, please,""
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
well his eyes looked funny
and i stood up so slow,
turn, turn, turn again.
with no other choice
except for to go,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
i walked down the hallway
and i heard his door slam,
turn, turn, turn again.
i walked down the courthouse stairs
and i did not understand,
turn, turn to the rain
and the wind.
and i played my guitar
through the night to the day,
turn, turn, turn again.
and the only tune
my guitar could play
was, ""oh the cruel rain
and the wind."""
"well, i've already had two beers
i'm ready for the broom
please, missus henry, won't you
take me to my room?
i'm a good ol' boy
but i've been sniffin' too many eggs
talkin' to too many people
drinkin' too many kegs
please, missus henry, missus henry, please!
please, missus henry, missus henry, please!
i'm down on my knees
an' i ain't got a dime
well, i'm groanin' in a hallway
pretty soon i'll be mad
please, missus henry, won't you
take me to your dad?
i can drink like a fish
i can crawl like a snake
i can bite like a turkey
i can slam like a drake
please, missus henry, missus henry, please!
please, missus henry, missus henry, please!
i'm down on my knees
an' i ain't got a dime
now, don't crowd me, lady
or i'll fill up your shoe
i'm a sweet bourbon daddy
an' tonight i am blue
i'm a thousand years old
and i'm a generous bomb
i'm t boned and punctured
but i'm known to be calm
please, missus henry, missus henry, please!
please, missus henry, missus henry, please!
i'm down on my knees
an' i ain't got a dime
now, i'm startin' to drain
my stool's gonna squeak
if i walk too much farther
my crane's gonna leak
look, missus henry
there's only so much i can do
why don't you look my way
an' pump me a few?
please, missus henry, missus henry, please!
please, missus henry, missus henry, please!
i'm down on my knees
an' i ain't got a dime"
"well, early in the mornin'
'til late at night,
i got a poison headache,
but i feel all right.
i'm pledging my time to you,
hopin' you'll come through, too.
well, the hobo jumped up,
he came down natur'lly.
after he stole my baby,
then he wanted to steal me.
but i'm pledging my time to you,
hopin' you'll come through, too.
won't you come with me, baby?
i'll take you where you wanna go.
and if it don't work out,
you'll be the first to know.
i'm pledging my time to you,
hopin' you'll come through, too.
well, the room is so stuffy,
i can hardly breathe.
ev'rybody's gone but me and you
and i can't be the last to leave.
i'm pledging my time to you,
hopin' you'll come through, too.
well, they sent for the ambulance
and one was sent.
somebody got lucky
but it was an accident.
now i'm pledging my time to you,
hopin' you'll come through, too."
"words and music by bob dylan
man came to the door, i say 'for whom were you lookin'?'
says 'your wife', i say 'she's busy in the kitchen cookin''
po' boy, where you been?
already told you, won't tell you again
i say 'how much you want for that, i'll go into the store'
man says 'three dollars' 'all right', i say, 'will you take four?'
po' boy, never say die
things will be all right, by and by
workin' like in a main line, workin' like the devil
the game is the same it's just upon another level
po' boy, dressed in black
police at your back
po' boy in a red hot town
out beyond the twinklin' stars
ridin' first class train
makin' the rounds
try to keep from fallin' between the cars
othello told desdemona ""i'm cold, cover me with a blanket""
""by the way, what happened to that poisoned wine?""
she said ""i gave it to you, you drank it""
po' boy, layin' 'em straight
pickin' up the cherries fallin' off the plate
time and love has branded me with its claws
had to go to florida, dodgin' them georgia laws
po' boy in the hotel called the palace of gloom
called down to room service, says 'send up a room'
my mother was the daughter of a wealthy farmer
my father was a traveling salesman, i never met him
when my mother died my uncle took me in to run a funeral parlor
he did a lot of nice things for me and i won't forget him
all i know is that i'm thrilled by your kiss
i don't know any more than this
po' boy, pickin' up sticks
build you a house out of mortar and bricks
knockin' on the door, i say 'who is it, where you from?'
man say 'freddie', i say 'freddie who?'
he say 'freddie or not, here i come'
po' boy 'neath the stars that shine
washin' them dishes, feedin' them swine"
"we live in a political world,
love don't have any place.
we're living in times where men commit crimes
and crime don't have a face
we live in a political world,
icicles hanging down,
wedding bells ring and angels sing,
clouds cover up the ground.
we live in a political world,
wisdom is thrown into jail,
it rots in a cell, is misguided as hell
leaving no one to pick up a trail.
we live in a political world
where mercy walks the plank,
life is in mirrors, death disappears
up the steps into the nearest bank.
we live in a political world
where courage is a thing of the past
houses are haunted, children are unwanted
the next day could be your last.
we live in a political world.
the one we can see and can feel
but there's no one to check, it's all a stacked deck,
we all know for sure that it's real.
we live in a political world
in the cities of lonesome fear,
little by little you turn in the middle
but you're never why you're here.
we live in a political world
under the microscope,
you can travel anywhere and hang yourself there
you always got more than enough rope.
we live in a political world
turning and a'thrashing about,
as soon as you're awake, you're trained to take
what looks like the easy way out.
we live in a political world
where peace is not welcome at al,
it's turned away from the door to wander some more
or put up against the wall.
we live in apolitical world
everything is hers or his,
climb into the frame and shout god's name
but you're never sure what it is."
"a country dance was being held in a garden
i felt a bump and heard an ""oh, beg your pardon""
suddenly i saw   polka dots and moonbeams
all around a pug nosed dream
the music started, and was i the perplexed one
i held my breathe, and said ""may i have the next one""
in my frightened arms   polka dots and moonbeams
sparkled on a pug nosed dream
there were questions
in the eyes of other dancers
as we floated over the floor
there were questions
but my heart knew all the answers
and perhaps a few things more
now in a cottage, built of lilacs and laughter
i know the meaning, of the words: ""ever after""
and i'll always see polka dots and moonbeams
when i kiss the pug nosed dream"
"you got a lotta nerve
to say you are my friend
when i was down
you just stood there grinning
you got a lotta nerve
to say you gota helping hand to lend
you just want to be on
the side that's winning
you say i let you down
you know it's not like that
if you're so hurt
why then don't you show it
you say you lost your faith
but that's not where it's at
you had no faith to lose
and you know it
i know the reason
that you talk behind my back
i used to be among the crowd
you're in with
do you take me for such a fool
to think i'd make contact
with the one who tries to hide
what he don't know to begin with
you see me on the street
you always act surprised
you say, ""how are you?"" ""good luck""
but you don't mean it
when you know as well as me
you'd rather see me paralyzed
why don't you just come out once
and scream it
no, i do not feel that good
when i see the heartbreaks you embrace
if i was a master thief
perhaps i'd rob them
and now i know you're dissatisfied
with your position and your place
don't you understand
it's not my problem
i wish that for just one time
you could stand inside my shoes
and just for that one moment
i could be you
yes, i wish that for just one time
you could stand inside my shoes
you'd know what a drag it is
to see you"
"precious angel, under the sun,
how was i to know you'd be the one
to show me i was blinded, to show me i was gone
how weak was the foundation i was standing upon?
now there's spiritual warfare and flesh and blood breaking down.
ya either got faith or ya got unbelief and there ain't no neutral ground.
the enemy is subtle, how be it we are so deceived
when the truth's in our hearts and we still don't believe?
shine your light, shine your light on me
shine your light, shine your light on me
shine your light, shine your light on me
ya know i just couldn't make it by myself.
i'm a little too blind to see.
my so called friends have fallen under a spell.
they look me squarely in the eye and they say, ""all is well.""
can they imagine the darkness that will fall from on high
when men will beg god to kill them and they won't be able to die?
sister, lemme tell you about a vision i saw.
you were drawing water for your husband, you were suffering under the law.
you were telling him about buddha, you were telling him about mohammed
in the same breath.
you never mentioned one time the man who came and died a criminal's death.
shine your light, shine your light on me
shine your light, shine your light on me
shine your light, shine your light on me
ya know i just couldn't make it by myself.
i'm a little too blind to see.
precious angel, you believe me when i say
what god has given to us no man can take away.
we are covered in blood, girl, you know our forefathers were slaves.
let us hope they've found mercy in their bone filled graves.
you're the queen of my flesh, girl, you're my woman, you're my delight,
you're the lamp of my soul, girl, and you touch up the night.
but there's violence in the eyes, girl, so let us not be enticed
on the way out of egypt, through ethiopia, to the judgment hall of christ.
shine your light, shine your light on me
shine your light, shine your light on me
shine your light, shine your light on me
ya know i just couldn't make it by myself.
i'm a little too blind to see."
"as i travel down life's pathway,
know not what the years may hold.
as i ponder, hopes grow fonder,
precious memories flood my soul
precious father, loving mother,
glide across the lonely years.
and old homes scenes of my childhood
in fond memory appears.
precious memories, how they linger
how they ever flood my soul.
in the stillness of the midnight,
precious sacred scenes unfold."
"well i'm pressing on
yes, i'm pressing on
well i'm pressing on
to the higher calling of my lord.
many try to stop me, shake me up in my mind,
say, ""prove to me that he is lord, show me a
sign""
what kind of sign they need when it all come from
within,
when what's lost has been found, what's to come has already been?
well i'm pressing on
yes, i'm pressing on
well i'm pressing on
to the higher calling of my lord.
shake the dust off of your feet, don't look back.
nothing now can hold you down, nothing that you lack.
temptation's not an easy thing, adam given the devil reign
because he sinned i got no choice, it run in my vein.
well i'm pressing on
yes, i'm pressing on
well i'm pressing on
to the higher calling of my lord."
"i've been around this whole country
but i never yet found fennario.
well, as we marched down
as we marched down
well, as we marched down to fennario
well, our captain fell in love
with a lady like a dove
her name that she had was pretty peggy o
well, what will your mother say
what will your mother say
what will your mother say, pretty peggy o
what will your mother say
to know you're going away
you're never, never, never coming back io ?
come a running down your stairs
come a running down your stairs
come a running down your stairs, pretty peggy o
come a running down your stairs
comb back your hair
you're the prettiest darned girl i ever seen io.
the lieutenant he has gone
the lieutenant he has gone
the lieutenant he has gone, pretty peggy o
the lieutenant he has gone
long gone
he's a riding down in texas with the rodeo.
well, our captain he is dead
our captain he is dead
our captain he is dead, pretty peggy o
well, our captain he is dead
died for a maid
he's buried somewheres in louisiana o."
"down in some lone valley
yes, in a lonesome place
where the wild birds do hover
and their notes do increase
farewell pretty saro
i bid you adieu
but i'll dream of pretty saro
wherever i go
yeah, my love she won't have me
so i understand
she wants every holder
who owns a house and land
i cannot maintain her
with silver and gold
and all of the funs in
that a big house can hold
if i was a poet
and could write a fine hand
i'd write my love a letter
that she'd understand
i'd write it by the river
where the waters overflow
and i'll dream of pretty saro
wherever i go"
"go ahead and talk about him because he makes you doubt,
because he has denied himself the things that you can't live without.
laugh at him behind his back just like the others do,
remind him of what he used to be when he comes walkin' through.
he's the property of jesus
resent him to the bone
you got something better
you've got a heart of stone
stop your conversation when he passes on the street,
hope he falls upon himself, oh, won't that be sweet
because he can't be exploited by superstition anymore
because he can't be bribed or bought by the things that you adore.
he's the property of jesus
resent him to the bone
you got something better
you've got a heart of stone
when the whip that's keeping you in line doesn't make him jump,
say he's hard of hearin', say that he's a chump.
say he's out of step with reality as you try to test his nerve
because he doesn't pay no tribute to the king that you serve.
he's the property of jesus
resent him to the bone
you got something better
you've got a heart of stone
say that he's a loser 'cause he got no common sense
because he don't increase his worth at someone else's expense.
because he's not afraid of trying, 'cause he don't look at you and smile,
'cause he doesn't tell you jokes or fairy tales, say he's got no style.
he's the property of jesus
resent him to the bone
you got something better
you've got a heart of stone
you can laugh at salvation, you can play olympic games,
you think that when you rest at last you'll go back from where you came.
but you've picked up quite a story and you've changed since the womb.
what happened to the real you, you've been captured but by whom?
he's the property of jesus
resent him to the bone
you got something better
you've got a heart of stone"
"when your mother sends back all your invitations
and your father to your sister he explains
that you're tired of yourself and all of your creations
won't you come see me, queen jane?
won't you come see me, queen jane?
now when all of the flower ladies want back what they have lent you
and the smell of their roses does not remain
and all of your children start to resent you
won't you come see me, queen jane?
won't you come see me, queen jane?
now when all the clowns that you have commissioned
have died in battle or in vain
and you're sick of all this repetition
won't you come see me, queen jane?
won't you come see me, queen jane?
when all of your advisers heave their plastic
at your feet to convince you of your pain
trying to prove that your conclusions should be more drastic
won't you come see me, queen jane?
won't you come see me, queen jane?
now when all the bandits that you turned your other cheek to
all lay down their bandanas and complain
and you want somebody you don't have to speak to
won't you come see me, queen jane?
won't you come see me, queen jane?"
"ev'rybody's building the big ships and the boats,
some are building monuments,
others, jotting down notes,
ev'rybody's in despair,
ev'ry girl and boy
but when quinn the eskimo gets here,
ev'rybody's gonna jump for joy.
come all without, come all within,
you'll not see nothing like the mighty quinn.
i like to do just like the rest, i like my sugar sweet,
but guarding fumes and making haste,
it ain't my cup of meat.
ev'rybody's 'neath the trees,
feeding pigeons on a limb
but when quinn the eskimo gets here,
all the pigeons gonna run to him.
come all without, come all within,
you'll not see nothing like the mighty quinn.
a cat's meow and a cow's moo, i can recite 'em all,
just tell me where it hurts yuh, honey,
and i'll tell you who to call.
nobody can get no sleep,
there's someone on ev'ryone's toes
but when quinn the eskimo gets here,
ev'rybody's gonna wanna doze.
come all without, come all within,
you'll not see nothing like the mighty quinn."
"oh, you can read out your bible,
you can fall down on your knees, pretty mama,
and pray to the lord
but it ain't gonna do no good.
you're gonna need
you're gonna need my help someday
well, if you can't quit your sinnin'
please quit your low down ways.
well, you can run down to the white house,
you can gaze at the capitol dome, pretty mama,
you can pound on the president's gate
but you oughta know by now it's gonna be too late.
you're gonna need
you're gonna need my help someday
well, if you can't quit your sinnin'
please quit your low down ways.
well, you can run down to the desert,
throw yourself on the burning sand.
you can raise up your right hand, pretty mama,
but you better understand you done lost your one good man.
you're gonna need
you're gonna need my help someday
well, if you can't quit your sinnin'
please quit your low down ways.
and you can hitchhike on the highway,
you can stand all alone by the side of the road.
you can try to flag a ride back home, pretty mama,
but you can't ride in my car no more.
you're gonna need
you're gonna need my help someday
well, if you can't quit your sinnin'
please quit your low down ways.
oh, you can read out your bible,
you can fall down on your knees, pretty mama,
and pray to the lord
but it ain't gonna do no good.
you're gonna need
you're gonna need my help someday
well, if you can't quit your sinnin'
please quit your low down ways."
"1. lord, i'm broke, i'm hungry, ragged and dirty too,
broke and hungry, ragged and dirty too.
if i clean up, sweet momma, can i stay all night with you?
2. lord, i went to my window, babe, i couldn't see through my blinds,
went to my window, babe, i couldn't see through my blinds,
heard my best friend a comin' and i thought i heard my baby cry.
3. lord, if i can't come in here, baby, then just let me sit down in your door,
if i can't come in here, baby, then just let me sit down in your door,
and i would leave so soon that your man won't never know.
4. how can i live here, baby, lord, and feel at ease?
how can i live here, baby, lord, and feel at ease?
well, that woman i got, man, she does just what she feels.
5. lord, you shouldn't mistreat me, baby, because i'm young and wild,
shouldn't mistreat me, baby, because i'm young and wild.
you must always remember, baby, you was once a child.
6. 'cause i'm leaving in the morning, if i have to ride the blinds,
leaving in the morning, if i have to ride the blinds.
well, i been mistreated and i swear i don't mind dyin'"
"railroad bill, railroad bill
never worked and he never will
i'm gonna ride railroad bill
well, railroad bill was a mighty mean man
shot the light out of the brakeman's hand
i'm gonna ride that bad railroad bill
well miss mcmillan, she whooped and she squawked
that's my husband for i heard him fall
i'm gonna ride that bad railroad bill
well i went down on number one
railroad bill had just begun
i'm gonna ride railroad bill
well i came back on number two
railroad bill had just got through
i'm gonna ride railroad bill
well i went down on number four
someone let fly with a forty four
i'm gonna ride railroad bill
got a thirty eight special in a forty five frame
i ain't gonna miss 'cause i've got dead aim
i'm gonna ride that bad railroad bill
well railroad bill, rolling down a hill
lighting cigars with a ten dollar bill
i'm gonna ride that bad railroad bill
well, railroad bill says, before i die
i'm gonna build a railroad for the bums to ride
i'm gonna ride that bad railroad bill"
"well, they'll stone ya when you're trying to be so good,
they'll stone ya just a like they said they would.
they'll stone ya when you're tryin' to go home.
then they'll stone ya when you're there all alone.
but i would not feel so all alone,
everybody must get stoned.
well, they'll stone ya when you're walkin' 'long the street.
they'll stone ya when you're tryin' to keep your seat.
they'll stone ya when you're walkin' on the floor.
they'll stone ya when you're walkin' to the door.
but i would not feel so all alone,
everybody must get stoned.
they'll stone ya when you're at the breakfast table.
they'll stone ya when you are young and able.
they'll stone ya when you're tryin' to make a buck.
they'll stone ya and then they'll say, ""good luck.""
tell ya what, i would not feel so all alone,
everybody must get stoned.
well, they'll stone you and say that it's the end.
then they'll stone you and then they'll come back again.
they'll stone you when you're riding in your car.
they'll stone you when you're playing your guitar.
yes, but i would not feel so all alone,
everybody must get stoned.
well, they'll stone you when you walk all alone.
they'll stone you when you are walking home.
they'll stone you and then say you are brave.
they'll stone you when you are set down in your grave.
but i would not feel so all alone,
everybody must get stoned."
"come around you rovin' gamblers and a story i will tell
about the greatest gambler, you all should know him well.
his name was will o' conley and he gambled all his life,
he had twenty seven children, yet he never had a wife.
and it's ride, willie, ride,
roll, willie, roll,
wherever you are a gamblin' now, nobody really knows.
he gambled in the white house and in the railroad yards,
wherever there was people, there was willie and his cards.
he had a reputation as the gamblin'est man around,
wives would keep their husbands home when willie came to town.
and it's ride, willie, ride,
roll, willie, roll,
wherever you are a gamblin' now, nobody really knows.
sailin' down the mississippi to a town called new orleans,
they're still talkin' about their card game on that jackson river queen.
""i've come to win some money,"" gamblin' willie says,
when the game finally ended up, the whole damn boat was his.
and it's ride, willie, ride,
roll, willie, roll,
wherever you are a gamblin' now, nobody really knows.
up in the rocky mountains in a town called cripple creek,
there was an all night poker game, lasted about a week.
nine hundred miners had laid their money down,
when willie finally left the room, he owned the whole damn town.
and it's ride, willie, ride,
roll, willie, roll,
wherever you are a gamblin' now, nobody really knows.
but willie had a heart of gold and this i know is true,
he supported all his children, and all their mothers too.
he wore no rings or fancy things, like other gamblers wore,
he spread his money far and wide, to help the sick and the poor.
and it's ride, willie, ride,
roll, willie, roll,
wherever you are a gamblin' now, nobody really knows.
when you played your cards with willie, you never really knew
whether he was bluffin' or whether he was true.
he won a fortune from a man who folded in his chair.
the man, he left a diamond flush, willie didn't even have a pair.
and it's ride, willie, ride,
roll, willie, roll,
wherever you are a gamblin' now, nobody really knows.
it was late one evenin' during a poker game,
a man lost all his money, he said willie was to blame.
he shot poor willie through the head, which was a tragic fate,
when willie's cards fell on the floor, they were aces backed with eights.
and it's ride, willie, ride,
roll, willie, roll,
wherever you are a gamblin' now, nobody really knows.
so all you rovin' gamblers, wherever you might be,
the moral of this story is very plain to see.
make your money while you can, before you have to stop,
for when you pull that dead man's hand, your gamblin' days are up.
and it's ride, willie, ride,
roll, willie, roll,
wherever you are a gamblin' now, nobody really knows."
"well, i wandered again to my home in the mountain
where in youth's early dawn i was happy and free
i looked for my friends but i never could find them
ev'rybody i met was a rank stranger to me.
ev'rybody i met seemed to be a rank stranger
no mother or dad, not a friend could i see
they knew not my name and i knew not their faces
ev'rybody i met, rank strangers to me.
""well, they all moved away"" said the voice of a stranger
""to some beautiful home on that bright, crystal sea""
some beautiful day, well, i'll meet 'em in heaven
where no one will be a stranger to me.
ev'rybody i met seemed to be a rank stranger
no mother or dad, not a friend could i see
they knew not my name and i knew not their faces
i found they were all rank strangers to me."
"oh all the money that in my whole life i did spend,
be it mine right or wrongfully,
i let it slip gladly past the hands of my friends
to tie up the time most forcefully.
but the bottles are done,
we've killed each one
and the table's full and overflowed.
and the corner sign
says it's closing time,
so i'll bid farewell and be down the road.
oh ev'ry girl that ever l've touched,
i did not do it harmfully.
and ev'ry girl that ever i've hurt,
i did not do it knowin'ly.
but to remain as friends and make amends
you need the time and stay behind.
and since my feet are now fast
and point away from the past,
i'll bid farewell and be down the line.
oh ev'ry foe that ever i faced,
the cause was there before we came.
and ev'ry cause that ever i fought,
i fought it full without regret or shame.
but the dark does die
as the curtain is drawn and somebody's eyes
must meet the dawn.
and if i see the day
i'd only have to stay,
so i'll bid farewell in the night and be gone.
oh, ev'ry thought that's strung a knot in my mind,
i might go insane if it couldn't be sprung.
but it's not to stand naked under unknowin' eyes,
it's for myself and my friends my stories are sung.
but the time ain't tall,
yet on time you depend and no word is possessed
by no special friend.
and though the line is cut,
it ain't quite the end,
i'll just bid farewell till we meet again.
oh a false clock tries to tick out my time
to disgrace, distract, and bother me.
and the dirt of gossip blows into my face,
and the dust of rumors covers me.
but if the arrow is straight
and the point is slick,
it can pierce through dust no matter how thick.
so i'll make my stand
and remain as i am
and bid farewell and not give a damn."
"love is a burning thing,
can change into a firy ring.
bound for wild desire
i fell into a ring of fire.
i fell into a burning ring of fire.
i went down down down
and the flames went higher.
and it burns burns burns,
that ring of fire,
that ring of fire.
they say that love is sweet
when hearts like ours meet.
i fell for you like a child.
oh but the fire went wild.
i fell into a burning ring of fire.
i went down down down
and the flames went higher.
and it burns burns burns,
that ring of fire,
that ring of fire.
i fell into a burning ring of fire.
i went down down down
and the flames went higher.
and it burns burns burns,
that ring of fire,
that ring of fire.
i fell into a burning ring of fire.
i went down down down
and the flames they went higher.
and it burns burns burns,
that ring of fire,
that ring of fire.
and it burns burns burns,
that ring of fire,
that ring of fire."
"ring them bells, ye heathen
from the city that dreams,
ring them bells from the sanctuaries
cross the valleys and streams,
for they're deep and they're wide
and the world's on its side
and time is running backwards
and so is the bride.
ring them bells st. peter
where the four winds blow,
ring them bells with an iron hand
so the people will know.
oh it's rush hour now
on the wheel and the plow
and the sun is going down
upon the sacred cow.
ring them bells sweet martha,
for the poor man's son,
ring them bells so the world will know
that god is one.
oh the shepherd is asleep
where the willows weep
and the mountains are filled
with lost sheep.
ring them bells for the blind and the deaf,
ring them bells for all of us
who are left
ring them bells for the chosen few
who will judge the many
when the game is through.
ring them bells, for the time that flies,
for the child that cries
when innocence dies.
ring them bells st. catherine
from the top of the room,
ring them from the fortress
for the lilies that bloom.
oh the lines are long
and the fighting is strong
and they're breaking down the distance
between right and wrong."
"on the banks of the river, where the willows hang down
where the wild birds all warble with a low moaning sound
down in the hollow where the water runs cold
it's there i have listened to the lies that you told
now i lie on my bed and i see your sweet face
the past i remember, time cannot erase
the letters you wrote me were written in shame
and i know that your conscience still echos my pain
now the nights are so long, my sorrow runs deep
nothing is worse than a night without sleep
i walk out alone, i look at the sky
too empty to sing, too lonesome to cry
now if the ladies were blackbirds and the ladies were thrushes
i'd lie there for hours in the chilly cold marshes
if the ladies were squirrels with them high bushy tails
i'd fill up my shotgun with rock, salt and nails"
"doctor, doctor, tell me the time of day
another bottle's empty
another penny spent
he turned around and he slowly walked away
they shot him in the back and down he went
shine your light, move it on, you burn so bright, roll on john
from the liverpool docks to the red light hamburg streets
down in the quarry with the quarrymen.
playing to the big crowds playing to the cheap seats
another day in your life until your journey's end
shine your light, move it on, you burn so bright, roll on john
sailing through the tradewinds
bound for the sun
rags on your back just like any other slave
they tied your hands and they clamped your mouth
wasn't no way out of that deep dark cave
shine your light, move it on, you burn so bright, roll on john
i heard the news today, oh boy
they hauled your ship up on the shore
now the city's gone dark
there is no more joy
they tore the heart right out and cut it to the core
shine your light, move it on, you burn so bright, roll on john
put on your bags and get ‘em packed.
leave right now you won't be far from hine
the sooner you go, the quicker you'll be back
you've been cooped up on an island far too long
shine your light, move it on, you burn so bright, roll on john
slow down you're moving too fast
come together right now over me
your bones are weary
you're about to breathe your last
lord, you know how hard that it can be
shine your light, move it on, you burn so bright, roll on john
roll on john, roll through the rain and snow
take the righthand road and go where the buffalo roam
they'll trap you in an ambush before you know
too late now to sail back home
shine your light, move it on, you burn so bright, roll on john
tyger, tyger burning bright
i pray the lord my soul to keep in the forest of the night
cover him over and let him sleep
shine your light, move it on, you burn so bright, roll on john."
"i rolled and i tumbled, i cried the whole night long
i rolled and i tumbled, i cried the whole night long
woke up this mornin', i must have bet my money wrong
i got troubles so hard, i can't stand the strain
i got troubles so hard, i can't stand the strain
some young lazy slut has charmed away my brains
the landscape is glowin', gleamin' in the golden light of day
the landscape is glowin', gleamin' in the golden light of day
i ain't holdin' nothin' back now, i ain't standin' in anybody's way
well, i did all i know just to keep you off my mind
well, i did all i know just to keep you off my mind
well, i paid and i paid and my sufferin' heart is always on the line
well, i get up in the dawn and i go down and lay in the shade
i get up in the dawn and i go down and lay in the shade
i ain't nobody's house boy, i ain't nobody's well trained maid
i'm flat out spent, this woman been drivin' me to tears
i'm flat out spent, this woman she been drivin' me to tears
this woman so crazy, i swear i ain't gonna touch another one for years
well, the warm weather's comin' and the buds are on the vine
the warm weather's comin', the buds are on the vine
ain't nothing so depressing as trying to satisfy this woman of mine
i got up this mornin', saw the rising sun return
well, i got up this mornin', see the rising sun return
sooner or later, you too shall burn
the night's filled with shadows, the years are filled with early doom
the night is filled with shadows, the years are filled with early doom
i've been conjuring up all these long dead souls from their crumblin' tombs
let's forgive each other darlin', let's go down to the greenwood glen
let's forgive each other darlin', let's go down to the greenwood glen
let's put our heads together now, let's put all old matters to an end
well, i rolled and i tumbled and i cried the whole night long
ah, i rolled and i tumbled and i cried the whole night long
i woke up this morning, i think i must be traveling wrong"
"hot chili peppers in the blistering sun
dust on my face and my cape,
me and magdalena on the run
i think this time we shall escape.
sold my guitar to the baker's son
for a few crumbs and a place to hide,
but i can get another one
and i'll play for magdalena as we ride.
no llores, mi querida
dios nos vigila
soon the horse will take us to durango.
agarrame, mi vida
soon the desert will be gone
soon you will be dancing the fandango.
past the aztec ruins and the ghosts of our people
hoofbeats like castanets on stone.
at night i dream of bells in the village steeple
then i see the bloody face of ramon.
was it me that shot him down in the cantina
was it my hand that held the gun?
come, let us fly, my magdalena
the dogs are barking and what's done is done.
no llores, mi querida
dios nos vigila
soon the horse will take us to durango.
agarrame, mi vida
soon the desert will be gone
soon you will be dancing the fandango.
at the corrida we'll sit in the shade
and watch the young torero stand alone.
we'll drink tequila where our grandfathers stayed
when they rode with villa into torreon.
then the padre will recite the prayers of old
in the little church this side of town.
i will wear new boots and an earring of gold
you'll shine with diamonds in your wedding gown.
the way is long but the end is near
already the fiesta has begun.
the face of god will appear
with his serpent eyes of obsidian.
no llores, mi querida
dios nos vigila
soon the horse will take us to durango.
agarrame, mi vida
soon the desert will be gone
soon you will be dancing the fandango.
was that the thunder that i heard?
my head is vibrating, i feel a sharp pain
come sit by me, don't say a word
oh, can it be that i am slain?
quick, magdalena, take my gun
look up in the hills, that flash of light.
aim well my little one
we may not make it through the night.
no llores, mi querida
dios nos vigila
soon the horse will take us to durango.
agarrame, mi vida
soon the desert will be gone
soon you will be dancing the fandango."
"wrote a letter this mornin',
put it in your hat,
'cause no one to read it
and i know you knew that.
i bought a joke, a trick or two,
just to bring and show you,
caught ya with the trickster too.
sometimes i wonder how ya knew
a hypnotist, fancytalker,
ruben remus ain't no doctor
i knew the man and tried to remember
just where it was that i'd seen his face.
long ago, in a movie show,
he was like that man singin' bass.
knew him by his nurs'ry rhyme:
the story of the rabbit man.
fell right in and said to him:
""i'd like to help you if i can.""
i know the film would only shock ya,
ruben remus ain't no doctor!
he only needed what you had,
asked for nothing more,
said he'd like to take you on,
but it's been done before.
you couldn't see he's a travelin' man
and he cannot take your hand.
it's very hard to understand
why his songs were never banned.
guess the man would never knock ya,
ruben remus ain't no doctor!
no one seen ya since he's been gone,
it's been a day, maybe more.
i took a walk in your yard
and knocked on your back door.
why don't you let me in?
i'm not the man who did ya in.
is mr. remus still your friend?
you say you don't remember him.
turn me down, would ya?
well, i've got news for you.
turn me down would ya,
can't ya tell
i'm gonna change your mind before i'm... trough..."
"with your mercury mouth in the missionary times,
and your eyes like smoke and your prayers like rhymes,
and your silver cross, and your voice like chimes,
oh, who among them do they think could bury you?
with your pockets well protected at last,
and your streetcar visions which you place on the grass,
and your flesh like silk, and your face like glass,
who among them do they think could carry you?
sad eyed lady of the lowlands,
where the sad eyed prophet says that no man comes,
my warehouse eyes, my arabian drums,
should i leave them by your gate,
or, sad eyed lady, should i wait?
with your sheets like metal and your belt like lace,
and your deck of cards missing the jack and the ace,
and your basement clothes and your hollow face,
who among them can think he could outguess you?
with your silhouette when the sunlight dims
into your eyes where the moonlight swims,
and your match book songs and your gypsy hymns,
who among them would try to impress you?
sad eyed lady of the lowlands,
where the sad eyed prophet says that no man comes,
my warehouse eyes, my arabian drums,
should i leave them by your gate,
or, sad eyed lady, should i wait?
the kings of tyrus with their convict list
are waiting in line for their geranium kiss,
and you wouldn't know it would happen like this,
but who among them really wants just to kiss you?
with your childhood flames on your midnight rug,
and your spanish manners and your mother's drugs,
and your cowboy mouth and your curfew plugs,
who among them do you think could resist you?
sad eyed lady of the lowlands,
where the sad eyed prophet says that no man comes,
my warehouse eyes, my arabian drums,
should i leave them by your gate,
or, sad eyed lady, should i wait?
oh, the farmers and the businessmen, they all did decide
to show you the dead angels that they used to hide.
but why did they pick you to sympathize with their side?
oh, how could they ever mistake you?
they wished you'd accepted the blame for the farm,
but with the sea at your feet and the phony false alarm,
and with the child of a hoodlum wrapped up in your arms,
how could they ever, ever persuade you?
sad eyed lady of the lowlands,
where the sad eyed prophet says that no man comes,
my warehouse eyes, my arabian drums,
should i leave them by your gate,
or, sad eyed lady, should i wait?
with your sheet metal memory of cannery row,
and your magazine husband who one day just had to go,
and your gentleness now, which you just can't help but show,
who among them do you think would employ you?
now you stand with your thief, you're on his parole
with your holy medallion which your fingertips fold,
and your saint like face and your ghostlike soul,
oh, who among them do you think could destroy you
sad eyed lady of the lowlands,
where the sad eyed prophet says that no man comes,
my warehouse eyes, my arabian drums,
should i leave them by your gate,
or, sad eyed lady, should i wait?"
"look who's back in town
ain't nobody but sally sue brown
all you boys better run for cover
if you don't a wanna be a hearted broken lover.
see her in that very tight skirt
got what it takes
just to make you hurt
don't you see by those big bright eyes
prefer to treat her nasty and low down lies.
makes no difference where she's been
i'm go in south and doin' them things again
bake in a hot tub, down the line
i'd rather see you ruin this a heart of mine.
i'll go see them come down my way
like a fool you're gonna hear me say:
""i'll lay at your bed sally sue brown
please let me love you, baby
don't put me down"".
makes no difference where she's been
i'm go in south and doin' them things again
bake in a hot tub, down the line
i'd rather see you ruin this a heart of mine.
i'll go see them come down my way
like a fool you're gonna hear me say:
""i'll lay at your bed sally sue brown
please let me love you, baby
don't put me down""."
"santa fe,
dear, dear, dear, dear, dear santa fe,
my woman needs it ev'ryday,
she promised this a lad she'd stay,
she's rollin' up a lotta bread
to toss away.
she's in santa fe,
dear, dear, dear, dear, dear santa fe
now she's opened up an old maid's home,
she's proud, but she needs to roam,
she's gonna write herself a roadside poem,
about santa fe.
santa fe,
dear, dear, dear, dear santa fe.
since i'm never gonna cease to roam,
i'm never, ever far from home,
but i'll build a geodesic dome
and sail away.
don't feel bad.
no, no, no, no, don't feel bad
it's the best food i've ever had.
makes me feel so glad
that she's cooking in a home made pad
she never caught a cold so bad
when i'm away.
santa fe,
dear, dear, dear, dear, dear, dear santa fe.
my shrimp boat's in the bay
i won't have my nature this way,
and i'm leanin' on the wheel each day
to drift away
from santa fe,
dear, dear, dear, dear, dear santa fe.
my sister looks good at home,
she's lickin' on an ice cream cone,
she's packin' her big white comb,
what does it weigh?"
"i laid on a dune, i looked at the sky,
when the children were babies and played on the beach.
you came up behind me, i saw you go by,
you were always so close and still within reach.
sara, sara,
whatever made you want to change your mind?
sara, sara,
so easy to look at, so hard to define.
i can still see them playin' with their pails in the sand,
they run to the water their buckets to fill.
i can still see the shells fallin' out of their hands
as they follow each other back up the hill.
sara, sara,
sweet virgin angel, sweet love of my life,
sara, sara,
radiant jewel, mystical wife.
sleepin' in the woods by a fire in the night,
drinkin' white rum in a portugal bar,
them playin' leapfrog and hearin' about snow white,
you in the marketplace in savanna la mar.
sara, sara,
it's all so clear, i could never forget,
sara, sara,
lovin' you is the one thing i'll never regret.
i can still hear the sounds of those methodist bells,
i'd taken the cure and had just gotten through,
stayin' up for days in the chelsea hotel,
writin' ""sad eyed lady of the lowlands"" for you.
sara, sara,
wherever we travel we're never apart.
sara, oh sara,
beautiful lady, so dear to my heart.
how did i meet you? i don't know.
a messenger sent me in a tropical storm.
you were there in the winter, moonlight on the snow
and on lily pond lane when the weather was warm.
sara, oh sara,
scorpio sphinx in a calico dress,
sara, sara,
you must forgive me my unworthiness.
now the beach is deserted except for some kelp
and a piece of an old ship that lies on the shore.
you always responded when i needed your help,
you gimme a map and a key to your door.
sara, oh sara,
glamorous nymph with an arrow and bow,
sara, oh sara,
don't ever leave me, don't ever go."
"i've got a wife and five little children
i'm gonna take a trip on the big mcmillan
with sarah jane
sarah jane
ain't nothin' to do
but to set down and sing
and rock about my sarah jane.
whistle done blows and the fiddler squalls
captain gone through the hole in the wall
oh sarah jane
sarah jane
ain't nothin' to do
but to set down and sing
and rock about my sarah jane.
yankee built boats to shoot them rebels
my gun's steady gonna hold it level
sarah jane
sarah jane
ain't nothin' to do
but to set down and sing
and rock about my sarah jane.
i've got a wife and five little children
i'm gonna take a trip on the big mcmillan
sarah jane
sarah jane
ain't nothin' to do
but to set down and sing
and rock about my sarah jane."
"i was blinded by the devil,
born already ruined,
stone cold dead
as i stepped out of the womb.
by his grace i have been touched,
by his word i have been healed,
by his hand i've been delivered,
by his spirit i've been sealed.
i've been saved
by the blood of the lamb,
saved
by the blood of the lamb,
saved,
saved,
and i'm so glad.
yes, i'm so glad,
i'm so glad,
so glad,
i want to thank you, lord,
i just want to thank you, lord,
thank you, lord.
by his truth i can be upright,
by his strength i do endure,
by his power i've been lifted,
in his love i am secure.
he bought me with a price,
freed me from the pit,
full of emptiness and wrath
and the fire that burns in it.
i've been saved
by the blood of the lamb,
saved
by the blood of the lamb,
saved,
saved,
and i'm so glad.
yes, i'm so glad,
i'm so glad,
so glad,
i want to thank you, lord,
i just want to thank you, lord,
thank you, lord.
nobody to rescue me,
nobody would dare,
i was going down for the last time,
but by his mercy i've been spared.
not by works,
but by faith in him who called,
for so long i've been hindered,
for so long i've been stalled.
i've been saved
by the blood of the lamb,
saved
by the blood of the lamb,
saved,
saved,
and i'm so glad.
yes, i'm so glad, i'm so glad,
so glad, i want to thank you, lord,
i just want to thank you, lord,
thank you, lord."
"if you find it in your heart, can i be forgiven?
guess i owe you some kind of apology.
i've escaped death so many times, i know i'm only
living
by the saving grace that's over me.
by this time i'd a thought i would be sleeping
in a pine box for all eternity.
my faith keeps me alive, but i still be weeping
for the saving grace that's over me.
well, the death of life, then come the resurrection,
wherever i am welcome is where i'll be.
i put all my confidence in him, my sole protection
is the saving grace that's over me.
well, the devil's shining light, it can be most
blinding,
but to search for love, that ain't no more than
vanity.
as i look around this world all that i'm finding
is the saving grace that's over me.
the wicked know no peace and you just can't fake it,
there's only one road and it leads to calvary.
it gets discouraging at times, but i know i'll make it
by the saving grace that's over me."
"in scarlet town, where i was born
there's ivy leaf and silver thorn
the streets have names that you can't pronounce
gold is down to a quarter of an ounce
the music starts and the people sway
everybody says, ""are you going my way?""
uncle tom still workin' for uncle bill
scarlet town is under the hill.
scarlet town in the month of may
sweet william holme on his deathbed lay
mistress mary by the side of the bed
kissin' his face and puttin' prayers on his head
so brave and true, so gentle is he
i'll weep for him as he would weep for me
little boy blue come your blow horn
in scarlet town, where i was born
scarlet town, in the hot noon hours,
there's palm leaf shadows and scattered flowers
beggars crouching at the gate
help comes, but it comes too late
by marble slabs and in fields of stone
you make your humble wishes known
i touched the garment, but the hem was torn
in scarlet town, where i was born
in scarlet town, the end is near
the seven wonders of the world are here
the evil and the good livin' side by side
all human forms seem glorified
put your heart on a platter and see who will bite
see who will hold you and kiss you good night
there's walnut groves and maplewood
in scarlet town cryin' won't do no good
in scarlet town, you fight your father's foes
up on the hill, a chilly wind blows
you fight 'em on high and you fight 'em down in
you fight 'em with whiskey, morphine and gin
you've got legs that can drive men mad
a lot of things we didn't do that i wish we had
in scarlet town, the sky is clear
you'll wish to god that you stayed right here
set 'em joe, play ""walkin' the floor""
play it for my flat chested junkie whore
i'm staying up late, i'm making amends
while we smile, all heaven descends
if love is a sin, then beauty is a crime
all things are beautiful in their time
the black and the white, the yellow and the brown
it's all right there in front of you in scarlet town"
"well there's one kind of favor i'll ask for you
well there's one kind of favor i'll ask for you
there's just one kind of favor i'll ask for you
you can see that my grave is kept clean.
and there's two white horses following me
and there's two white horses following me
i got two white horses following me
waiting on my burying ground.
did you ever hear that coffin sound
did you ever hear that coffin sound
did you ever hear that coffin sound
means another poor boy is underground.
did you ever hear them church bells toll
did you ever hear them church bells toll
did you ever hear them church bells toll
means another poor boy is dead and gone.
and my heart stopped beating and my hands turned cold
and my heart stopped beating and my hands turned cold
and my heart stopped beating and my hands turned cold
now i believe what the bible told.
there's just one last favor i'll ask for you
and there's one last favor i'll ask for you
there's just one last favor i'll ask for you
see that my grave is kept clean."
"well, i thought that the rain would cool things down
but it looks like it don't.
i'd like to get you to change your mind
but it looks like you won't.
from now on i'll be busy,
ain't goin' nowhere fast.
i'm just glad it's over
and i'm seeing the real you at last.
well, didn't i risk my neck for you,
didn't i take chances?
didn't i rise above it all for you,
the most unfortunate circumstances?
well, i have had some rotten nights,
didn't think that they would pass.
i'm just thankful and grateful
to be seeing the real you at last.
i'm hungry and i'm irritable
and i'm tired of this bag of tricks.
at one time there was nothing wrong with me
that you could not fix.
well, i sailed through the storm
strapped to the mast,
but the time has come
and i'm seeing the real you at last.
when i met you, baby,
you didn't show no visible scars.
you could ride like annie oakley,
you could shoot like belle starr.
well, i don't mind a reasonable amount of trouble,
trouble always comes to pass
but all i care about now
is that i'm seeing the real you at last.
well, i'm gonna quit this baby talk now,
i guess i should have known.
i got troubles, i think maybe you got troubles,
i think maybe we'd better leave each other alone.
whatever you gonna do,
please do it fast.
i'm still trying to get used to
seeing the real you at last."
"senor, senor, do you know where we're headin'?
lincoln county road or armageddon?
seems like i been down this way before.
is there any truth in that, senor?
senor, senor, do you know where she is hidin'?
how long are we gonna be ridin'?
how long must i keep my eyes glued to the door?
will there be any comfort there, senor?
there's a wicked wind still blowin' on that upper deck,
there's an iron cross still hanging down from around her neck.
there's a marchin' band still playin' in that vacant lot
where she held me in her arms and said, ""forget me not.""
senor, senor, i can see that painted wagon,
i can smell the tail of the dragon.
can't stand the suspense anymore.
can you tell me who to contact here, senor?
well the last thing i remember before i stripped and kneeled
was that trainload of fools bogged down in a magnetic field.
a gypsy with a broken flag and a flashing ring
said, ""son, this ain't a dream no more, it's the real thing.""
senor, senor, you know their hearts here is as hard as leather.
well, give me a minute, let me get it together.
i just gotta pick myself up off the floor.
i'm ready when you are, senor.
senor, senor, let's overturn these tables,
disconnect these cables.
this place don't make sense to me no more.
can you tell me what we're waiting for, senor?"
"senor, senor, do you know where we're headin'?
lincoln county road or armageddon?
seems like i been down this way before.
is there any truth in that, senor?
senor, senor, do you know where she is hidin'?
how long are we gonna be ridin'?
how long must i keep my eyes glued to the door?
will there be any comfort there, senor?
there's a wicked wind still blowin' on that upper deck,
there's an iron cross still hanging down from around her neck.
there's a marchin' band still playin' in that vacant lot
where she held me in her arms one time and said, ""forget me not.""
senor, senor, i can see that painted wagon,
i can smell the tail of the dragon.
can't stand the suspense anymore.
can you tell me who to contact here, senor?
well, the last thing i remember before i stripped and kneeled
was that trainload of fools bogged down in a magnetic field.
a gypsy with a broken flag and a flashing ring said,
""son, this ain't a dream no more, it's the real thing.""
senor, senor, you know their hearts is as hard as leather.
well, give me a minute, let me get it together.
i just gotta pick myself up off the floor.
i'm ready when you are, senor.
senor, senor, let's overturn these tables,
disconnect these cables.
this place don't make sense to me no more.
can you tell me what we're waiting for, senor?"
"i was thinking of a series of dreams
where nothing comes up to the top
everything stays down where it's wounded
and comes to a permanent stop
wasn't thinking of anything specific
like in a dream, when someone wakes up and screams
nothing too very scientific
just thinking of a series of dreams
thinking of a series of dreams
where the time and the tempo fly
and there's no exit in any direction
'cept the one that you can't see with your eyes
wasn't making any great connection
wasn't falling for any intricate scheme
nothing that would pass inspection
just thinking of a series of dreams
dreams where the umbrella is folded
into the path you are hurled
and the cards are no good that you're holding
unless they're from another world
in one, numbers were burning
in another, i witnessed a crime
in one, i was running, and in another
all i seemed to be doing was climb
wasn't looking for any special assistance
not going to any great extremes
i'd already gone the distance
just thinking of a series of dreams"
"old reilly stole a stallion
but they caught him and they brought him back
and they laid him down on the jailhouse ground
with an iron chain around his neck.
old reilly's daughter got a message
that her father was goin' to hang.
she rode by night and came by morning
with gold and silver in her hand.
when the judge he saw reilly's daughter
his old eyes deepened in his head,
sayin', ""gold will never free your father,
the price, my dear, is you instead.""
""oh i'm as good as dead,"" cried reilly,
""it's only you that he does crave
and my skin will surely crawl if he touches you at all.
get on your horse and ride away.""
""oh father you will surely die
if i don't take the chance to try
and pay the price and not take your advice.
for that reason i will have to stay.""
the gallows shadows shook the evening,
in the night a hound dog bayed,
in the night the grounds were groanin',
in the night the price was paid.
the next mornin' she had awoken
to know that the judge had never spoken.
she saw that hangin' branch a bendin',
she saw her father's body broken.
these be seven curses on a judge so cruel:
that one doctor will not save him,
that two healers will not heal him,
that three eyes will not see him.
that four ears will not hear him,
that five walls will not hide him,
that six diggers will not bury him
and that seven deaths shall never kill him."
"seven days, seven more days she'll be comin'
i'll be waiting at the station for her to arrive
seven more days, all i gotta do is survive.
she been gone ever since i been a child
ever since i seen her smile, i ain't forgotten her eyes.
she had a face that could outshine the sun in the skies.
i been good, i been good while i been waitin'
maybe guilty of hesitatin', i just been holdin' on
seven more days, all that'll be gone.
there's kissing in the valley,
thieving in the alley,
fighting every inch of the way.
trying to be tender
with somebody i remember
in a night that's always brighter'n the day.
seven days, seven more days that are connected
just like i expected, she'll be comin' on forth,
my beautiful comrade from the north.
there's kissing in the valley,
thieving in the alley,
fighting every inch of the way.
trying to be tender
with somebody i remember
in a night that's always brighter'n the day."
"i get the blues for you baby when i look up at the sun
i get the blues for you baby when i look up at the sun
come back here we can have some real fun
well it's early in the evening and everything is still
well it's early in the evening and everything is still
one more time, i'm walking up on heartbreak hill
shake, shake mama, like a ship goin' out to sea
shake, shake mama, like a ship goin' out to sea
you took all my money and you give it to richard lee
down by the river judge simpson walkin' around
down by the river judge simpson walkin' around
nothing shocks me more than that old clown
some of you women you really know your stuff
some of you women you really know your stuff
but your clothes are all torn and your language is a little too rough
shake, shake mama, shake it 'til the break of day
shake, shake mama, shake it 'til the break of day
i'm right here baby, i'm not that far away
i'm motherless, fatherless, almost friendless too
i'm motherless, fatherless, almost friendless too
it's friday morning on franklin avenue
shake, shake mama, raise your voice and pray
shake, shake mama, raise your voice and pray
if you're goin' on home, better go the shortest way"
"she's got everything she needs,
she's an artist, she don't look back.
she's got everything she needs,
she's an artist, she don't look back.
she can take the dark out of the nighttime
and paint the daytime black.
you will start out standing
proud to steal her anything she sees.
you will start out standing
proud to steal her anything she sees.
but you will wind up peeking through her keyhole
down upon your knees.
she never stumbles,
she's got no place to fall.
she never stumbles,
she's got no place to fall.
she's nobody's child,
the law can't touch her at all.
she wears an egyptian ring
that sparkles before she speaks.
she wears an egyptian ring
that sparkles before she speaks.
she's a hypnotist collector,
you are a walking antique.
bow down to her on sunday,
salute her when her birthday comes.
bow down to her on sunday,
salute her when her birthday comes.
for halloween give her a trumpet
and for christmas, buy her a drum."
"the pawnbroker roared
also, so, so did the landlord
the scene was so crazy, wasn't it?
both were so glad
to watch me destroy what i had
pain sure brings out the best in people, doesn't it?
why didn't you just leave me if you didn't want to stay?
why'd you have to treat me so bad?
did it have to be that way?
now you stand here expectin' me to remember somethin' you forgot to say
yes, and you, i see you're still with her, well
that's fine 'cause she's comin' on so strange, can't you tell?
somebody had better explain
she's got her iron chain
i'd do it, but i, i just can't remember how
you talk to her
she's your lover now.
i already assumed
that we're in the felony room
but i ain't a judge, you don't have to be nice to me
but please tell that
to your friend in the cowboy hat
you know he keeps on sayin' ev'rythin' twice to me
you know i was straight with you
you know i've never tried to change you in any way
you know if you didn't want to be with me
that you could . . didn't have to stay.
now you stand here sayin' you forgive and forget. honey, what can i say?
yes, you, you just sit around and ask for ashtrays, can't you reach?
i see you kiss her on the cheek ev'rytime she gives a speech
with her picture books of the pyramid
and her postcards of billy the kid
you better talk to her 'bout it
you're her lover now.
oh, ev'rybody that cares
is goin' up the castle stairs
but i'm not up in your castle, honey
it's true, i just can't recall
san francisco at all
i can't even remember el paso, uh, honey
you never had to be faithful
i didn't want you to grieve
oh, why was it so hard for you
if you didn't want to be with me, just to leave?
now you stand here while your finger's goin' up my sleeve
an' you, just what do you do anyway? ain't there nothin' you can say?
she'll be standin' on the bar soon
with a fish head an' a harpoon
an' a fake beard plastered on her brow
you'd better do somethin' quick
she's your lover now."
"the pawnbroker roared
also, so, so did the landlord
the scene was so crazy, wasn't it?
both were so glad
to watch me destroy what i had
pain sure brings out the best in people, doesn't it?
why didn't you just leave me if you didn't want to stay?
why'd you have to treat me so bad?
did it have to be that way?
now you stand here expectin' me to remember
somethin' you forgot to say
yes, and you, i see you're still with her, well
that's fine 'cause she's comin' on so strange
can't you tell?
somebody had better explain
she's got her iron chain
i'd do it, but i, i just can't remember how
you talk to her
she's your lover now
i already assumed
that we're in the felony room
but i ain't a judge, you don't have to be nice to me
but please tell that
to your friend in the cowboy hat
you know he keeps on sayin' ev'rythin' twice to me
you know i was straight with you
you know i've never tried to change you in any way
you know if you didn't want to be with me
that you could... didn't have to stay
now you stand here sayin' you forgive and forget
honey, what can i say?
yes, you, you just sit around and ask for ashtrays
can't you reach?
i see you kiss her on the cheek ev'rytime
she gives a speech
with her picture books of the pyramid
and her postcards of billy the kid
you better talk to her 'bout it
you're her lover now
oh, ev'rybody that cares
is goin' up the castle stairs
but i'm not up in your castle, honey
it's true, i just can't recall
san francisco at all
i can't even remember el paso, uh, honey
you never had to be faithful
i didn't want you to grieve
oh, why was it so hard for you
if you didn't want to be with me, just to leave?
now you stand here while your finger's
goin' up my sleeve
an' you, just what do you do anyway?
ain't there nothin' you can say?
she'll be standin' on the bar soon
with a fish head an' a harpoon
an' a fake beard plastered on her brow
you'd better do somethin' quick
she's your lover now"
"i was in another lifetime;
one of toil and blood
when blackness was a virtue
and the road was full of mud.
i come in from the wilderness,
a creature void of form.
""come in"" she said, ""i'll give you
shelter from the storm"".
and if i pass this way again
you can rest assured
i'll always do my best for her,
on that i give my word.
in a world of steel eyed death
and men who are fighting to be warm,
""come in"" she said, ""i'll give you
shelter from the storm"".
not a word was spoke between us.
there was little risk involved.
everything up to that point
had been left unresolved.
try imagining a place where
it's always safe and warm.
""come in"" she said, ""i'll give you
shelter from the storm"".
i was burned out from exhaustion.
buried in the hail.
poisoned in the bushes
and blown out on the trail.
hunted like a crocodile
ravaged in the corn.
""come in"" she said, ""i'll give you
shelter from the storm"".
suddenly i turned around
and she was standing there
with silver bracelets on her wrists
and flowers in her hair.
she walked up to me so gracefully
and took my crown of thorns.
""come in"" she said, ""i'll give you
shelter from the storm"".
now there's a wall between us.
something there's been lost.
i took too much for granted;
got my signals crossed.
just to think that it all began
on a non eventfull morn.
""come in"" she said, ""i'll give you
shelter from the storm"".
well, the deputy walks on hard nails
and the preacher rides a mount,
but nothing really matters much.
it's doom alone that counts
and the one eyed undertaker;
he blows a futile horn.
""come in"" she said, ""i'll give you
shelter from the storm"".
i've heard newborn babies
wailing like a mourning dove
and old men with broken teeth
stranded without love.
do i understand your question, man?
is it hopeless and forlorn?
""come in"" she said, ""i'll give you
shelter from the storm"".
in a little hilltop village
they gambled for my clothes.
i bargained for salvation
and she gave me a lethal dose.
i offered up my innocence
and got repaid with scorn.
""come in"" she said, ""i'll give you
shelter from the storm"".
well, i'm living in a foreign country,
but i'm bound to cross the line.
beauty walks a razor's edge.
someday i'll make it mine.
if i could only turn back the clock
to when god and her were born.
""come in"" she said, ""i'll give you
shelter from the storm""."
"oh, shenandoah, i long to hear you
look away, you rollin' river
oh, shenandoah, i long to hear you
look away. we're bound away
across the wide missouri
now the missouri is a mighty river
look away, you rollin' river.
indians camp along her border
look away. we're bound away
across the wide missouri
well a white man loved an indian maiden
look away, you rollin' river
with notions his canoe was laden
look away, we're bound away
across the wide missouri
oh shenandoah, i love your daughter
look away, you rollin' river
it was for her i'd cross the water.
look away, we're bound away
across the wide missouri
for seven long years i courted sally
look away, you rollin' river
seven more years i longed to have her
look away, we're bound away
across the wide missouri
well, it's fare thee well, my dear,
i'm bound to leave you
look away you rollin' river
shenandoah, i will not deceive you
look away, we're bound away
across the wide missouri"
"seen a shooting star tonight
and i thought of you.
you were trying to break into another world
a world i never knew.
i always kind of wondered
if you ever made it through.
seen a shooting star tonight
and i thought of you.
seen a shooting star tonight
and i thought of me.
if i was still the same
if i ever became what you wanted me to be
did i miss the mark or
over step the line
that only you could see?
seen a shooting star tonight
and i thought of me.
listen to the engine, listen to the bell
as the last fire truck from hell
goes rolling by, all good people are praying,
it's the last temptation
the last account
the last time you might hear the sermon on the mount,
the last radio is playing.
seen a shooting star tonight
slip away.
tomorrow will be another day.
guess it's too late to say the things to you
that you needed to hear me say.
seen a shooting star tonight
slip away."
"i need a shot of love, i need a shot of love.
don't need a shot of heroin to kill my disease,
don't need a shot of turpentine, only bring me to my knees,
don't need a shot of codeine to help me to repent,
don't need a shot of whiskey, help me be president.
i need a shot of love, i need a shot of love.
doctor, can you hear me? i need some medicaid.
i seen the kingdoms of the world and it's makin' me feel afraid.
what i got ain't painful, it's just bound to kill me dead
like the men that followed jesus when they put a price upon his head.
i need a shot of love, i need a shot of love.
i don't need no alibi when i'm spending time with you.
i've heard all of them rumors and you have heard 'em too.
don't show me no picture show or give me no book to read,
it don't satisfy the hurt inside nor the habit that it feeds.
i need a shot of love, i need a shot of love.
why would i want to take your life?
you've only murdered my father, raped his wife,
tattooed my babies with a poison pen,
mocked my god, humiliated my friends.
i need a shot of love, i need a shot of love.
don't wanna be with nobody tonight veronica not around nowhere,
mavis just ain't right.
there's a man that hates me and he's swift, smooth and near,
am i supposed to set back and wait until he's here?
i need a shot of love, i need a shot of love.
what makes the wind wanna blow tonight?
don't even feel like crossing the street and my car ain't actin' right.
called home, everybody seemed to have moved away.
my conscience is beginning to bother me today.
i need a shot of love, i need a shot of love.
i need a shot of love, i need a shot of love.
if you're a doctor, i need a shot of love."
"sign on the window says ""lonely""
sign on the door says ""no company allowed""
sign on the street says ""y' don't own me""
sign on the porch says ""three's a crowd""
sign on the porch says ""three's a crowd""
her and her boyfriend went to california,
her and her boyfriend done changed their tune.
my best friend said, ""now didn' i warn ya,
brighton girls are like the moon,
brighton girls are like the moon.""
looks like a nothing but rain
sure gonna be wet tonight on main street
hope that it don't sleet.
build me a cabin in utah,
marry me a wife, catch rainbow trout,
have a bunch of kids who call me ""pa""
that must be what it's all about,
that must be what it's all about"
"ah ah ah ah ah ah ah, hut hut
ah ah ah ah ah ah ah, hut hut
took a walk and passed your house
late last night
all the shades were pulled and drawn
way down tight
from within, a dim light cast
two silhouettes on the shade
oh, what a lovely couple they ma ade
put his arms around your waist
held you tight
kisses i could almost taste
in the night
wondered why i'm not the guy
whose silhouette's on the shade
i couldn't hide the tears in my eye eyes
silhouettes silhouettes silhouettes ty oh, oh oh
silhouettes silhouettes silhouettes ty oh, oh oh
lost control and rang your bell
i was sore
let me in or else i'll beat
down your door
when two strangers who had been
two silhouettes on the shade
said to my shock
your on the wrong blo ock
rushed down to your house with wings
on my feet
loved you like i never loved
you my sweet
vowed that you and i would be
two silhouettes on the shade
all of our days
two silhouettes on the sha ade
silhouettes silhouettes silhouettes ty oh, oh oh
silhouettes silhouettes silhouettes ty oh, oh oh
two silhouettes on the shade
silhouettes"
"stake my future on a hell of a past
looks like tomorrow is coming on fast
ain't complaining 'bout what i got
seen better times, but who has not?
silvio
silver and gold
won't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold
silvio
i gotta go
find out something only dead men know
honest as the next jade rolling that stone
when i come knocking don't throw me no bone
i'm an old boll weevil looking for a home
if you don't like it you can leave me alone
i can snap my fingers and require the rain
from a clear blue sky and turn it off again
i can stroke your body and relieve your pain
and charm the whistle off an evening train
i give what i got until i got no more
i take what i get until i even the score
you know i love you and furthermore
when it's time to go you got an open door
i can tell you fancy, i can tell you plain
you give something up for everything you gain
since every pleasure's got an edge of pain
pay for your ticket and don't complain
one of these days and it won't be long
going down in the valley and sing my song
i will sing it loud and sing it strong
let the echo decide if i was right or wrong
silvio
silver and gold
won't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold
silvio
i gotta go
find out something only dead men know"
"they sat together in the park
as the evening sky grew dark.
she looked at him and he felt a spark
tingle to his bones.
it was then he felt alone
and wished that he'd gone straight
and watched out for a simple twist of fate.
they walked alone by the old canal.
a little confused, i remember well,
and stopped into a strange hotel with a neon burning bright.
he felt the heat of the night hit him like a freight train
moving with a simple twist of fate.
a saxophone someplace far off played
as she was walking on by the arcade
as the light bust through a beat up shade
where he was waking up.
she dropped a coin into the cup of a blind man at the gate
and forgot about a simple twist of fate.
he woke up; the room was bare.
he didn't see her anywhere.
he told himself he didn't care ;pushed the window open wide;
felt an emptiness inside to which he just could not relate
brought on by a simple twist of fate.
he hears the ticking of the clocks
and walks along with a parrot that talks.
hunts her down by the waterfront docks
where the sailers all come in.
maybe she'll pick him out again. how long must he wait
one more time for a simple twist of fate.
people tell me it's a sin
to know and feel too much within.
i still believe she was my twin, but i lost the ring.
she was born in spring, but i was born too late.
blame it on a simple twist of fate."
"1. was in the summer,
one early fall,
just tryin' to find my
little all and all
now she's gone,
an' i don't worry.
lord, i'm sittin' on top of the world.
2. was in the spring,
one summer's day.
just when she left me,
she gone to stay.
now she's gone.
an' i don't worry.
lord, i'm sittin' on top of the world.
3. now don't come runnin'
holdin' up your hand.
can get me a woman
quick as you can get a man.
now she's gone.
an' i don't worry.
lord, i'm sittin' on top of the world.
4. happen for days,
didn't know your name.
oh, why should i worry
or crave you in vain?
now she's gone.
an' i don't worry.
lord, i'm sittin' on top of the world.
5. went to the station,
down in the yard,
gonna get me a freight train,
work's done got hard.
now she's gone.
an' i don't worry.
lord, i'm sittin' on top of the world.
6. the lonesome days,
they have gone by,
why should i beg you?
you said good bye.
now she's gone.
an' i don't worry.
lord, i'm sittin' on top of the world."
"i paid fifteen million dollars, twelve hundred and seventy two cents
i paid one thousand two hundred twenty seven dollars and fifty five cents
see my hound dog bite a rabbit
and my football's sittin' on a barbed wire fence
well, my temperature rises and my feet don't walk so fast
yes, my temperature rises and my feet don't walk so fast
well, this arabian doctor came in, gave me a shot
but wouldn't tell me if what i had would last
well, this woman i've got, she's filling me with her drive
yes, this woman i've got, she's thrillin' me with her hive
she's calling me stan
or else she calls me mister clive
of course, you're gonna think this song is a riff
i know you're gonna think this song is a cliff
unless you've been inside a tunnel
and fell down 69, 70 feet over a barbed wire fence
all night!"
"skylark
have you anything to say to me
won't you tell me where my love can be
is there a meadow in the mist
where someone's waiting to be kissed
oh skylark
have you seen a valley green with spring
where my heart can go a journeying
over the shadows and the rain
to a blossom covered lane
and in your lonely flight
haven't you heard the music of the night
wonderful music
faint as a will o' the wisp
crazy as a loon
sad as a gypsy serenading the moon
oh skylark
i don't know if you can find these things
but my heart is riding on your wings
so if you see them anywhere
won't you lead me there"
"sometimes i feel so low down and disgusted
can't help but wonder what's happenin' to my companions,
are they lost or are they found, have they counted the cost it'll take to bring
down
all their earthly principles they're gonna have to abandon?
there's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend.
i had a woman down in alabama,
she was a backwoods girl, but she sure was realistic,
she said, ""boy, without a doubt, have to quit your mess and straighten out,
you could die down here, be just another accident statistic.""
there's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend.
all that foreign oil controlling american soil,
look around you, it's just bound to make you embarrassed.
sheiks walkin' around like kings, wearing fancy jewels and nose rings,
deciding america's future from amsterdam and to paris
and there's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend.
man's ego is inflated, his laws are outdated, they don't apply no more,
you can't rely no more to be standin' around waitin'
in the home of the brave, jefferson turnin' over in his grave,
fools glorifying themselves, trying to manipulate satan
and there's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend.
big time negotiators, false healers and woman haters,
masters of the bluff and masters of the proposition
but the enemy i see wears a cloak of decency,
all non believers and men stealers talkin' in the name of religion
and there's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend.
people starving and thirsting, grain elevators are bursting
oh, you know it costs more to store the food than it do to give it.
they say lose your inhibitions, follow your own ambitions,
they talk about a life of brotherly love, show me someone who knows how to
live it. there's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend.
well, my baby went to illinois with some bad talkin' boy she could destroy
a real suicide case, but there was nothin' i could do to stop it,
i don't care about economy, i don't care about astronomy
but it sure do bother me to see my loved ones turning into puppets,
there's a slow, slow train comin' up around the bend."
"well, i'm hangin' on to a solid rock
made before the foundation of the world
and i won't let go, and i can't let go, won't let go
and i can't let go, won't let go, and i can't let go no more.
for me he was chastised, for me he was hated,
for me he was rejected by a world that he created.
nations are angry, cursed are some,
people are expecting a false peace to come.
well, i'm hangin' on to a solid rock
made before the foundation of the world
and i won't let go, and i can't let go, won't let go
and i can't let go, won't let go, and i can't let go no more.
it's the ways of the flesh to war against the spirit
twenty four hours a day you can feel it and you can hear it
using all the devices under the sun.
and he never give up 'til the battle's lost or won.
well, i'm hangin' on to a solid rock
made before the foundation of the world
and i won't let go, and i can't let go, won't let go
and i can't let go, won't let go, and i can't let go no more."
"some enchanted evening, you may see a stranger
you may see a stranger across a crowded room
and somehow you know, you know even then
that somehow you'll see here again and again
some enchanted evening, someone may be laughing
you may hear her laughing across a crowded room
and night after night, as strange as it seems
the sound of her laughter will sing in your dreams
who can explain it, who can tell you why?
fools give you reasons, wise men never try
some enchanted evening, when you find your true love
when you hear her call you across a crowded room
then fly to her side and make her your own
or all through your life you may dream all alone
once you have found her, never let her go
once you have found her, never let her go"
"good evening, ladies and gentlemen!
would you please welcome columbia recording artist bob dylan.
glory, glory, glory, somebody touched me,
glory, glory, glory, somebody touched me,
glory, glory, glory, somebody touched me,
must have been the hand of the lord.
while i was praying, somebody touched me,
while i was praying, somebody touched me,
while i was praying, somebody touched me,
must have been the hand of the lord.
glory, glory, glory, somebody touched me,
glory, glory, glory, somebody touched me,
glory, glory, glory, somebody touched me,
must have been the hand of the lord.
well, it was on a sunday, somebody touched me,
it was on a sunday, somebody touched me,
it was on a sunday, somebody touched me,
must have been the hand of the lord.
glory, glory, glory, somebody touched me,
glory, glory, glory, somebody touched me,
glory, glory, glory, somebody touched me,
must have been the hand of the lord."
"i don't care what you do, i don't care what you say
i don't care where you go or how long you stay
someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me any more
well you take my money and you turn it out
you fill me up with nothin' but self doubt
someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me any more
when i was young, driving was my crave
you drive me so hard, almost to the grave
someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me any more
i'm so hard pressed, my mind tied up in knots
i keep recycling the same old thoughts
someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me any more
so many good things in life that i overlooked
i don't know what to do now, you got me so hooked
someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me any more
well, i don't want to brag, but i'm gonna wring your neck
when all else fails i'll make it a matter of self respect
someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me any more
you can take your clothes put 'em in a sack
you goin' down the road, baby and you can't come back
someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me any more
i tried to be friendly, i tried to be kind
i'm gonna drive you from your home, just like i was driven from mine
someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me any more
living this way ain't a natural thing to do
why was i born to love you?
someday baby, you ain't gonna worry po' me any more"
"they say ""drink and be merry,
take the bull by the horns.""
i keep seeing visions of you, a lily among thorns
everything looks a little far away to me
gettin' harder and harder to recognize the trap
too much information about nothin'
too much educated rap
it's just like you told me, just like you said it would be
the moon rising like wildfire
i feel the breath of a storm
something i got to do tonight
you go inside and stay warm
someone's got a hold of my heart
someone's got a hold of my heart
someone's got a hold of my heart
you 
yeah, you got a hold of my heart
just got back from a city of powder blue skies
everybody thinks with their stomach
there's plenty of spies
every street is crooked, they just wind around till they disappear
madame butterfly, she lulls me to sleep
like an ancient river
so wide and deep
she said, ""be easy, baby, ain't nothin' worth stealin' here""
you're the one i've been waitin' for
you're the one i desire
but you must first realize
i'm not another man for hire
someone's got a hold of my heart
someone's got a hold of my heart
someone's got a hold of my heart
you, you, you, you
yeah, you got a hold of my heart
i hear the hot blooded singer
on the bandstand croon
september song, memphis in june
while they're beating the devil out of a guy who's wearing a flaming red wig
i been to babylon
i gotta confess
i can still hear that voice crying in the wilderness
what looks large from a distance, close up is never that big
never could learn to drink that blood and call it wine
never could learn to look at your face and call it mine.
someone's got a hold of my heart
someone's got a hold of my heart
someone's got a hold of my heart
you 
yeah, you got a hold of my heart"
"something there is about you that strikes a match in me
is it the way your body moves or is it the way your hair blows free?
or is it because you remind me of something that used to be
somethin' that crossed over from another century?
thought i'd shaken the wonder and the phantoms of my youth
rainy days on the great lakes, walkin' the hills of old duluth.
there was me and danny lopez, cold eyes, black night and then there was ruth
something there is about you that brings back a long forgotten truth.
suddenly i found you and the spirit in me sings
don't have to look no further, you're the soul of many things.
i could say that i'd be faithful, i could say it in one sweet, easy breath
but to you that would be cruelty and to me it surely would be death.
something there is about you that moves with style and grace
i was in a whirlwind, now i'm in some better place.
my hand's on the sabre and you've picked up the baton
somethin' there is about you that i can't quite put my finger on."
"something is burning, baby, are you aware?
something is the matter, baby, there's smoke in your hair
are you still my friend, baby, show me a sign
is the love in your heart for me turning blind?
you've been avoiding the main streets for a long, long while
the truth that i'm seeking is in your missing file
what's your position, baby, what's going on?
why is the light in your eyes nearly gone?
i know everything about this place, or so it seems
am i no longer a part of your plans or your dreams?
well, it is so obvious that something has changed
what's happening, baby, to make you act so strange?
something is burning, baby, here's what i say
even the bloodhounds of london couldn't find you today
i see the shadow of a man, baby, makin' you blue
who is he, baby, and what's he to you?
we've reached the edge of the road, baby, where the pasture begins
where charity is supposed to cover up a multitude of sins
but where do you live, baby, and where is the light?
why are your eyes just staring off in the night?
i can feel it in the night when i think of you
i can feel it in the light and it's got to be true
you can't live by bread alone, you won't be satisfied
you can't roll away the stone if your hands are tied
got to start someplace, baby, can you explain?
please don't fade away on me, baby, like the midnight train
answer me, baby, a casual look will do
just what in the world has come over you?
i can feel it in the wind and it's upside down
i can feel it in the dust as i get off the bus on the outskirts of town
i've had the mexico city blues since the last hairpin curve
i don't wanna see you bleed, i know what you need but it ain't what you deserve
something is burning, baby, something's in flames
there's a man going 'round calling names
ring down when you're ready, baby, i'm waiting for you
i believe in the impossible, you know that i do"
"i'm out here a thousand miles from my home,
walkin' a road other men have gone down.
i'm seein' your world of people and things,
your paupers and peasants and princes and kings.
hey, hey woody guthrie, i wrote you a song
'bout a funny ol' world that's a comin' along.
seems sick an' it's hungry, it's tired an' it's torn,
it looks like it's a dyin' an' it's hardly been born.
hey, woody guthrie, but i know that you know
all the things that i'm a sayin' an' a many times more.
i'm a singin' you the song, but i can't sing enough,
'cause there's not many men that done the things that you've done.
here's to cisco an' sonny an' leadbelly too,
an' to all the good people that traveled with you.
here's to the hearts and the hands of the men
that come with the dust and are gone with the wind.
i'm a leaving' tomorrow, but i could leave today,
somewhere down the road someday.
the very last thing that i'd want to do
is to say i've been hittin' some hard travelin' too"
"i'm searching for phrases
to sing your praises
i need to tell someone
it's soon after midnight
and my day has just begun
a gal named honey
took my money
she was passing by
it's soon after midnight
and the moon is in my eye
my heart is cheerful
it's never fearful
i've been down on the killing floors
i'm in no great hurry
i'm not afraid of your fury
i've faced stronger walls than yours
charlotte's a harlot
dresses in scarlet
mary dresses in green
it's soon after midnight
and i've got a date with the fairy queen
they chirp and they chatter
what does it matter?
they lie and dine in their blood
two timing slim
who's every heard of him?
i'll drag his corpse through the mud
it's now or never
more than ever
when i met you id didn't think you do
its soon after midnight
and i don't want nobody but you"
"gypsy gal, the hands of harlem
cannot hold you to its heat.
your temperature's too hot for taming,
your flaming feet burn up the street.
i am homeless, come and take me
into reach of your rattling drums.
let me know, babe, about my fortune
down along my restless palms.
gypsy gal, you got me swallowed.
i have fallen far beneath
your pearly eyes, so fast an' slashing,
an' your flashing diamond teeth.
the night is pitch black, come an' make my
pale face fit into place, ah, please!
let me know, babe, i got to know, babe,
if it's you my lifelines trace.
i been wond'rin' all about me
ever since i seen you there.
on the cliffs of your wildcat charms i'm riding,
i know i'm 'round you but i don't know where.
you have slayed me, you have made me,
i got to laugh halfways off my heels.
i got to know, babe, will i be touching you
so i can tell if i'm really real."
"broke my heart, lost my soul
adios,mi cora sole
spanish is the loving tongue
soft as music, light as spring
it was a girl i learned it from
living down sonora way
well, i don't look much like a lover
still i say her love words over
mostly when i'm all alone
mi amor, mi cora sole.
haven't seen her since that night
i can't cross the line you know
they want me for a gamblin' fight
like as not it's better so
still i always kind of missed her
since that last sad night i kissed her
broke her heart, lost my own
adios, mi cora sole
broke her heart, lost my own
adios, mi cora sole
adios, mi cora sole
adios, mi cora sole."
"spirit on the water
darkness on the face of the deep
i keep thinking about you baby
i can't hardly sleep
i'm traveling by land
traveling through the dawn of day
you're always on my mind
i can't stay away
i'd forgotten about you
then you turned up again
i always knew
we were meant to be more than friends
when you're near
it's just as plain as it can be
i'm wild about you, gal
you ought to be a fool about me
can't explain
the sources of this hidden pain
you burned your way into my heart
you got the key to my brain
i've been trampling through mud
praying to the powers above
i'm sweating blood
you got a face that begs for love
life without you
doesn't mean a thing to me
if i can't have you
i'll throw my love into the deep blue sea
sometimes i wonder
why you can't treat me right
you do good all day
and then you do wrong all night
when you're with me
i'm a thousand times happier than i could ever say
what does it matter
what price i pay
they brag about your sugar
brag about it all over town
put some sugar in my bowl
i feel like laying down
i'm as pale as a ghost
holding a blossom on a stem
you ever seen a ghost? no
but you have heard of them
i see you there
i'm blinded by the colors i see
i take good care
of what belongs to me
i hear your name
ringing up and down the line
i'm saying it plain
these ties are strong enough to bind
now your sweet voice
calls out from some old familiar shrine
i got no choice
can't believe these things would ever fade from your mind
i could live forever
with you perfectly
you don't ever
have to make a fuss over me
from east to west
ever since the world began
i only mean it for the best
i want to be with you any way i can
i been in a brawl
now i'm feeling the wall
i'm going away baby
i won't be back 'til fall
high on the hill
you can carry all my thoughts with you
you've numbed my will
this love could tear me in two
i wanna be with you in paradise
and it seems so unfair
i can't go to paradise no more
i killed a man back there
you think i'm over the hill
you think i'm past my prime
let me see what you got
we can have a whoppin' good time"
"hawlin alley on a dark and drizzly night,
billy lyons and stack a lee had one terrible fight.
all about that john b. stetson hat.
stack a lee walked to the bar room, and he called for a glass of beer,
turned around to billy lyons, said, ""what are you doin' here?""
""waitin' for a train, please bring my woman home.
""stack a lee, oh stack a lee. please don't take my life.
got three little children and a weepin', lovin' wife.
you're a bad man, bad man, stack a lee.""
""god bless your children and i'll take care of your wife.
you stole my john b., now i'm bound to take your life.""
all about that john b. stetson hat.
stack a lee turned to billy lyons and he shot him right through the head,
only taking one shot to kill billy lyons dead.
all about that john b. stetson hat.
sent for the doctor, well the doctor he did come,
just pointed out stack a lee, said, ""now what have you done?""
you're a bad man, bad man, stack a lee.""
six big horses and a rubber tired hack,
taking him to the cemetery, buy they failed to bring him back.
all about that john b. stetson hat.
hawlin alley, thought i heard the bulldogs bark.
it must have been old stack a lee stumbling in the dark.
he's a bad man, gonna land him right back in jail.
high police walked on to stack a lee, he was lying fast asleep.
high police walked on to stack a lee, and he jumped forty feet.
he's a bad man, gonna land him right back in jail.
well they got old stack a lee and they laid him right back in jail.
couldn't get a man around to go stack a lee's bail
all about that john b. stetson hat.
stack a lee turned to the jailer, he said, ""jailer, i can't sleep.
'round my bedside billy lyons began to creep.""
all about that john b. stetson hat."
"now deep in the heart of a lonely kid
who suffered so much for what he did,
they gave this ploughboy his fortune and fame,
since that day he ain't been the same.
see the man with the stage fright
just standin' up there to give it all his might.
and he got caught in the spotlight,
but when we get to the end
he wants to start all over again.
i've got fire water right on my breath
and the doctor warned me i might catch a death.
said, ""you can make it in your disguise,
just never show the fear that's in your eyes.""
see the man with the stage fright,
just standin' up there to give it all his might.
he got caught in the spotlight,
but when we get to the end
he wants to start all over again.
now if he says that he's afraid,
take him at his word.
and for the price that the poor boy has paid,
he gets to sing just like a bird, oh, ooh ooh ooh.
your brow is sweatin' and your mouth gets dry,
fancy people go driftin' by.
the moment of truth is right at hand,
just one more nightmare you can stand.
see the man with the stage fright
just standin' up there to give it all his might.
and he got caught in the spotlight,
but when we get to the end
he wants to start all over again, hmm hmm,
you wanna try it once again, hmm hmm,
please don't make him stop, hmm hmm,
let him take it from the top, hmm hmm,
let him start all over again."
"i'm walking through the summer nights
jukebox playing low
yesterday everything was going too fast
today, it's moving too slow
i got no place left to turn
i got nothing left to burn
don't know if i saw you, if i would kiss you or kill you
it probably wouldn't matter to you anyhow
you left me standing in the doorway, crying
i got nothing to go back to now
the light in this place is so bad
making me sick in the head
all the laughter is just making me sad
the stars have turned cherry red
i'm strumming on my g** guitar
smoking a cheap cigar
the ghost of our old love has not gone away
don't look like it will anytime soon
you left me standing in the doorway crying
under the midnight moon
maybe they'll get me and maybe they won't
but not tonight and it won't be here
there are things i could say but i don't
i know the mercy of god must be near
i've been riding the midnight train
got ice water in my veins
i would be crazy if i took you back
it would go up against every rule
you left me standing in the doorway, crying
suffering like a fool
when the last rays of daylight go down
buddy, you'll roll no more
i can hear the church bells ringing in the yard
i wonder who they're ringing for
i know i can't win
but my heart just won't give in
last night i danced with a stranger
but she just reminded me you were the one
you left me standing in the doorway crying
in the dark land of the sun
i'll eat when i'm hungry, drink when i'm dry
and live my life on the square
and even if the flesh falls off of my face
i know someone will be there to care
it always means so much
even the softest touch
i see nothing to be gained by any explanation
there are no words that need to be said
you left me standing in the doorway crying
blues wrapped around my head"
"should my heart not be humble
should my eyes fail to see
should my feet sometimes stumble
on the way, stay with me
like the lamb that in springtime
wanders far from the fold
comes the darkness and the frost
i get lost
i grow cold
i grow cold, i grow weary
and i know i have sinned
and i go seeking shelter
and i cry in the wind
though i grope and i blunder
and i'm weak and i'm wrong
though the road buckles under
where i walk, walk along
till i find to my wonder
every path leads to thee
all that i can do is pray
stay with me
stay with me"
"1. got a little girl, little and low,
she used to love me but she don't no more.
she gotta step it up and go yeah, go.
can't stand pat, swear you gotta step it up and go.
2. got a little girl, she stays upstairs,
make a livin' by puttin' on airs.
gotta step it up and go yeah, man.
can't stand pat, swear you gotta step it up and go.
3. front door shut, back door too,
blinds pulled down, what' cha gonna do?
gotta step it up and go yeah, go.
can't stand pat, swear you gotta step it up and go.
4. got a little girl, her name is ball,
give a little bit, she took it all.
i said step it up and go yeah, man.
can't stand pat, swear you gotta step it up and go.
5. me an' my baby walkin' down the street,
tellin' everybody 'bout the chief of police.
gotta step it up and go yeah, go.
can't stand pat, swear you gotta step it up and go.
6. tell my woman i'll see her at home,
ain't no lovin' since she been gone.
gotta step it up and go yeah, go.
can't stand pat, swear you gotta step it up and go.
7. well, i'll sing this verse, ain't gonna sing no more,
hear my gal call me and i got to go.
step it up and go yeah, man.
can't stand pat, swear you gotta step it up and go."
"oh, the ragman draws circles
up and down the block.
i'd ask him what the matter was
but i know that he don't talk.
and the ladies treat me kindly
and furnish me with tape,
but deep inside my heart
i know i can't escape.
oh, mama, can this really be the end,
to be stuck inside of mobile
with the memphis blues again.
well, shakespeare, he's in the alley
with his pointed shoes and his bells,
speaking to some french girl,
who says she knows me well.
and i would send a message
to find out if she's talked,
but the post office has been stolen
and the mailbox is locked.
oh, mama, can this really be the end,
to be stuck inside of mobile
with the memphis blues again.
mona tried to tell me
to stay away from the train line.
she said that all the railroad men
just drink up your blood like wine.
an' i said, ""oh, i didn't know that,
but then again, there's only one i've met
an' he just smoked my eyelids
an' punched my cigarette.""
oh, mama, can this really be the end,
to be stuck inside of mobile
with the memphis blues again.
grandpa died last week
and now he's buried in the rocks,
but everybody still talks about
how badly they were shocked.
but me, i expected it to happen,
i knew he'd lost control
when he built a fire on main street
and shot it full of holes.
oh, mama, can this really be the end,
to be stuck inside of mobile
with the memphis blues again.
now the senator came down here
showing ev'ryone his gun,
handing out free tickets
to the wedding of his son.
an' me, i nearly got busted
an' wouldn't it be my luck
to get caught without a ticket
and be discovered beneath a truck.
oh, mama, can this really be the end,
to be stuck inside of mobile
with the memphis blues again.
now the preacher looked so baffled
when i asked him why he dressed
with twenty pounds of headlines
stapled to his chest.
but he cursed me when i proved it to him,
then i whispered, ""not even you can hide.
you see, you're just like me,
i hope you're satisfied.""
oh, mama, can this really be the end,
to be stuck inside of mobile
with the memphis blues again.
now the rainman gave me two cures,
then he said, ""jump right in.""
the one was texas medicine,
the other was just railroad gin.
an' like a fool i mixed them
an' it strangled up my mind,
an' now people just get uglier
an' i have no sense of time.
oh, mama, can this really be the end,
to be stuck inside of mobile
with the memphis blues again.
when ruthie says come see her
in her honky tonk lagoon,
where i can watch her waltz for free
'neath her panamanian moon.
an' i say, ""aw come on now,
you must know about my debutante.""
an' she says, ""your debutante just knows what you need
but i know what you want.""
oh, mama, can this really be the end,
to be stuck inside of mobile
with the memphis blues again.
now the bricks lay on grand street
where the neon madmen climb.
they all fall there so perfectly,
it all seems so well timed.
an' here i sit so patiently
waiting to find out what price
you have to pay to get out of
going through all these things twice.
oh, mama, can this really be the end,
to be stuck inside of mobile
with the memphis blues again."
"johnny's in the basement
mixing up the medicine
i'm on the pavement
thinking about the government
the man in the trench coat
badge out, laid off
says he's got a bad cough
wants to get it paid off
look out kid
it's somethin' you did
god knows when
but you're doin' it again
you better duck down the alley way
lookin' for a new friend
the man in the coon skin cap
in the big pen
wants eleven dollar bills
you only got ten
maggie comes fleet foot
face full of black soot
talkin' that the heat put
plants in the bed but
the phone's tapped anyway
maggie says that many say
they must bust in early may
orders from the d. a.
look out kid
don't matter what you did
walk on your tip toes
don't try ""no doz""
better stay away from those
that carry around a fire hose
keep a clean nose
watch the plain clothes
you don't need a weather man
to know which way the wind blows
get sick, get well
hang around a ink well
ring bell, hard to tell
if anything is goin' to sell
try hard, get barred
get back, write braille
get jailed, jump bail
join the army, if you fail
look out kid
you're gonna get hit
but users, cheaters
six time losers
hang around the theaters
girl by the whirlpool
lookin' for a new fool
don't follow leaders
watch the parkin' meters
ah get born, keep warm
short pants, romance, learn to dance
get dressed, get blessed
try to be a success
please her, please him, buy gifts
don't steal, don't lift
twenty years of schoolin'
and they put you on the day shift
look out kid
they keep it all hid
better jump down a manhole
light yourself a candle
don't wear sandals
try to avoid the scandals
don't wanna be a bum
you better chew gum
the pump don't work
'cause the vandals took the handles"
"words and music by bob dylan
i've got my back to the sun 'cause the light is too intense
i can see what everybody in the world is up against
can't turn back, you can't come back, sometimes we push too far
one day you'll open up your eyes and you'll see where you are
sugar baby get on down the road, you ain't got no brains nohow
you went years without me, might as well keep goin' now
some of these bootleggers, they make pretty good stuff
plenty of places to hide things here if you want to hide them bad enough
i'm staying with aunt sally, but you know she not really my aunt
some of these memories, you can learn to live with and some of'em you can't
sugar baby get on down the line, you ain't got no brains nohow
you went years without me, might as well keep goin' now
the ladies down in darktown, they're doin' the darktown strut
y'always got to be prepared, but you never know for what
there ain't no limit to the amount of trouble women bring
love is pleasing, love is teasing, love not an evil thing
sugar baby get on down the road, you ain't got no brains nohow
you went years without me, might as well keep goin' now
every moment of existence seems like some dirty trick
happiness can come suddenly and leave just as quick
any minute of the day, the bubble can burst
try to make things better for someone sometimes you just end up makin' it thousand times worse
sugar baby get on down the road, you ain't got no brains nohow
you went years without me, might as well keep goin' now
your charms have broken many a heart and mine is surely one
you got a way of tearin' the world apart, love, see what you've done
just as sure as we're livin', just as sure as you're born
look up, look up, seek your maker, 'fore gabriel blows his horn
sugar baby, get on down the line, you ain't got no sense nohow
you went years without me, might as well keep goin' now"
"words and music by bob dylan
summer days, summer nights are gone
summer days and summer nights are gone
i know a place where there's still somethin' going on
i've got a house on the hill, i got hogs out in the mud
i've got a house on the hill, i got hogs all out in the mud
i've got a long haired woman, she got royal indian blood
everybody get ready, lift up your glasses and sing
everybody get ready, lift up your glasses and sing
well i'm standin' on the table, i'm proposin' a toast to the king
i'm driving in the flats in a cadillac car
the girls all say ""you're a worn out star""
my pockets are loaded, and i'm spending every dime
how can you say you love someone else, you know it's me all the time
well the fog's so thick you can't spy the land
well the fog's so thick that you can't even spy the land
what good are you anyway if you can't stand up to some old businessman?
weddin' bells are ringin' and the choir is beginning to sing
yes, the weddin' bells are ringin' and the choir's beginning to sing
what looks good in the day, at night is another thing
she's looking in to my eyes, and she's a holding my hand
she looks in to my eyes, she's holding my hand
she say, ""you can't repeat the past,""
i say ""you can't? what do you mean you can't? of course you can.""
where do you come from, where do you go?
sorry, that is nothing you would need to know
well, my back's been to the wall so long it seems like it's stuck
why don't you break my heart one more time, just for good luck
i got eight carburators and boys i'm usin' 'em all
well, i got eight carburators and boys i'm usin' 'em all
i'm short on gas, my motor's startin' to stall
my dogs are barking, there must be someone around
my dogs are barking, there must be someone around
i got my hammer ringin' pretty baby, but the nails ain't goin' down
if you got something to say, speak or hold your peace
well, if you got something to say, speak now or hold your peace
if it's information you want, you can get it from the police
politician's got on his joggin' shoes
he must be runnin' for office, got no time to lose
suckin' the blood out of the genius of generosity
you been rollin' your eyes, you been teasin' me
standin' by god's river my soul's beginning to shake
standin' by god's river my soul's beginning to shake
i'm countin' on you, love, to gimme a break
well, i'm leaving in the morning, as soon as the dark clouds lift
yes, i'm leaving in the morning, just as soon as the dark clouds lift
i'm breakin' the roof, set fire to the place as a partin' gift
summer days, summer nights are gone
summer days, summer nights are gone
i know a place where there's still something goin' on"
"well, the pressure's down, the boss ain't here,
he gone north, he ain't around,
they say that vanity got the best of him
but he sure left here after sundown.
by the way, that's a cute hat,
and that smile's so hard to resist
but what's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?
you know, i once knew a woman who looked like you,
she wanted a whole man, not just a half,
she used to call me sweet daddy when i was only a child,
you kind of remind me of her when you laugh.
in order to deal in this game, got to make the queen disappear,
it's done with a flick of the wrist.
what's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?
you know, a woman like you should be at home,
that's where you belong,
watching out for someone who loves you true
who would never do you wrong.
just how much abuse will you be able to take?
well, there's no way to tell by that first kiss.
what's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?
you know you can make a name for yourself,
you can hear them tires squeal,
you can be known as the most beautiful woman
who ever crawled across cut glass to make a deal.
you know, news of you has come down the line
even before ya came in the door.
they say in your father's house, there's many mansions
each one of them got a fireproof floor.
snap out of it, baby, people are jealous of you,
they smile to your face, but behind your back they hiss.
what's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?
got to be an important person to be in here, honey,
got to have done some evil deed,
got to have your own harem when you come in the door,
got to play your harp until your lips bleed.
they say that patriotism is the last refuge
to which a scoundrel clings.
steal a little and they throw you in jail,
steal a lot and they make you king.
there's only one step down from here, baby,
it's called the land of permanent bliss.
what's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?"
"well my nerves are exploding and my body's tense
i feel like the whole world got me pinned up against the fence
i've been hit too hard; i've seen too much
nothing can heal me now, but your touch
i don't know what i'm gonna do
i was all right 'til i fell in love with you
well my house is on fire; burning to the sky
i thought it would rain but the clouds passed by
now i feel like i'm coming to the end of my way
but i know god is my shield and he won't lead me astray
still i don't know what i'm gonna do
i was all right 'til i fell in love with you
boys in the street beginning to play
girls like birds flying away
when i'm gone you will remember my name
i'm gonna win my way to wealth and fame
i don't know what i'm gonna do
i was all right 'til i fell in love with you
junk is piling up; taking up space
my eyes feel like they're falling off my face
sweat falling down, i'm staring at the floor
i'm thinking about that girl who won't be back no more
i don't know what i'm gonna do
i was all right 'til i fell in love with you
well i'm tired of talking; i'm tired of trying to explain
my attempts to please you were all in vain
tomorrow night before the sun goes down
if i'm still among the living, i'll be dixie bound
i just don't know what i'm gonna do
i was all right 'til i fell in love with you."
"one time in london i'd gone out for a walk,
past a place called hyde park where people talk
'bout all kinds of different gods, they have their point of view
to anyone passing by, that's who they're talking to.
there was someone on a platform talking to the folks
about the t.v. god and all the pain that it invokes.
""it's too bright a light"", he said, ""for anybody's eyes,
if you've never seen one it's a blessing in disguise.""
i moved in closer, got up on my toes,
two men in front of me were coming to blows
the man was saying something 'bout children when they're young
being sacrificed to it while lullabies are being sung.
""the news of the day is on all the time,
all the latest gossip, all the latest rhyme,
your mind is your temple, keep it beautiful and free,
don't let an egg get laid in it by something you can't see.""
""pray for peace!"". he said, you could feel it in the crowd.
my thoughts began to wander. his voice was ringing loud,
""it will destroy your family, your happy home is gone
no one can protect you fro it once you turn it on.""
""it will led you into some strange pursuits,
lead you to the land of forbidden fruits.
it will scramble up your head and drag your brain about,
sometimes you gotta do like elvis did and shoot the damn thing out.""
""it's all been designed"", he said, ""to make you lose your mind,
and when you go back to find it, there's nothing there to find.""
""everytime you look at it, your situation's worse,
if you feel it grabbing out for you, send for the nurse.""
the crowd began to riot and they grabbed hold of the man,
there was pushing, there was shoving and everybody ran.
the t.v. crew was there to film it, they jumped right over me,
later on that evening, i watched it on t.v.."
"these are the words of a frontier man
who lost his love when he turned bad.
take a message to mary
but don't tell here where i am
take a message to mary
but don't say i'm in a jam
you can tell her that i had to see the world
tell her that my ship set sail
you can say she'd better not wait for me
but don't tell her i'm in jail, oh don't tell her i'm in jail.
take a message to mary
but don't tell her what i've done
please, don't mention the stage coach
and the shot from a carried gun
you better tell her that i had to change my plans
and cancel out the wedding day
but please, don't mention the lonely cell
where i'm gonna pine away, until my dying day.
take a message to mary
but don't tell her all you know
my heart is aching for mary
lord know i miss her so
just tell her that i went to timbukto
tell her i'm searching for gold
you can say she better find someone new
to cherish and to hold, oh lord, this cell is so cold."
"why must you always try to make me over ?
take me as i am or let me go
white lilies never grow on stalks of clover
take me as i am or let me go.
you're trying to reshape me in a moment
in the image of someone you used to know
i won't be a stand in for an old love
take me as i am or let me go.
you've tried to change me ever since you've met me
take me as i am or let me go.
if you cannot overlook my faults, forget me
take me as i am or let me go.
you're trying to reshape me in a mould love
in the image of someone you used to know
but i won't be a stand in for an old love
take me as i am or let me go."
"here's a foreign song i learned in utah
ha va ne gei lah
o de ley e e oo"
"well, i was feelin' sad and feelin' blue,
i didn't know what in the world i was gonna do,
them communists they wus comin' around,
they wus in the air,
they wus on the ground.
they wouldn't gimme no peace. .
so i run down most hurriedly
and joined up with the john birch society,
i got me a secret membership card
and started off a walkin' down the road.
yee hoo, i'm a real john bircher now!
look out you commies!
now we all agree with hitlers' views,
although he killed six million jews.
it don't matter too much that he was a fascist,
at least you can't say he was a communist!
that's to say like if you got a cold you take a shot of malaria.
well, i wus lookin' everywhere for them gol darned reds.
i got up in the mornin' 'n' looked under my bed,
looked in the sink, behind the door,
looked in the glove compartment of my car.
couldn't find 'em . .
i wus lookin' high an' low for them reds everywhere,
i wus lookin' in the sink an' underneath the chair.
i looked way up my chimney hole,
i even looked deep inside my toilet bowl.
they got away . .
well, i wus sittin' home alone an' started to sweat,
figured they wus in my t.v. set.
peeked behind the picture frame,
got a shock from my feet, hittin' right up in the brain.
them reds caused it!
i know they did . . them hard core ones.
well, i quit my job so i could work alone,
then i changed my name to sherlock holmes.
followed some clues from my detective bag
and discovered they wus red stripes on the american flag!
that ol' betty ross . .
well, i investigated all the books in the library,
ninety percent of 'em gotta be burned away.
i investigated all the people that i knowed,
ninety eight percent of them gotta go.
the other two percent are fellow birchers . . just like me.
now eisenhower, he's a russian spy,
lincoln, jefferson and that roosevelt guy.
to my knowledge there's just one man
that's really a true american: george lincoln rockwell.
i know for a fact he hates commies cus he picketed the movie exodus.
well, i fin'ly started thinkin' straight
when i run outa things to investigate.
couldn't imagine doin' anything else,
so now i'm sittin' home investigatin' myself!
hope i don't find out anything . . hmm, great god!"
"some time ago a crazy dream came to me,
i dreamt i was walkin' into world war three,
i went to the doctor the very next day
to see what kinda words he could say.
he said it was a bad dream.
i wouldn't worry 'bout it none, though,
they were my own dreams and they're only in my head.
i said, ""hold it, doc, a world war passed through my brain""
he said, ""nurse, get your pad, this boy's insane""
he grabbed my arm, i said, ""ouch!""
as i landed on the psychiatric couch
he said, ""tell me about it""
well, the whole thing started at 3 o'clock fast,
it was all over by quarter past.
i was down in the sewer with some little lover
when i peeked out from a manhole cover
wondering who turned the lights on.
well, i got up and walked around
and up and down the lonesome town.
i stood a wondering which way to go,
i lit a cigarette on a parking meter
and walked on down the road.
it was a normal day.
well, i rung the fallout shelter bell
and i leaned my head and i gave a yell,
""give me a string bean, i'm a hungry man.""
a shotgun fired and away i ran.
i don't blame them too much though,
i know i look funny.
down at the corner by a hot dog stand
i seen a man, i said, ""howdy friend,
i guess there's just us two.""
he screamed a bit and away he flew.
thought i was a communist.
well, i spied a girl and before she could leave,
""let's go and play adam and eve.""
i took her by the hand and my heart it was thumpin'
when she said, ""hey man, you crazy or sumpin',
you see what happened last time they started.""
well, i seen a cadillac window uptown
and there was nobody aroun',
i got into the driver's seat
and i drove 42nd street
in my cadillac.
good car to drive after a war.
well, i remember seein' some ad,
so i turned on my conelrad.
but i didn't pay my con ed bill,
so the radio didn't work so well.
turned on my player 
it was rock a day, johnny singin',
""tell your ma, tell your pa,
our loves are gonna grow ooh wah, ooh wah.""
i was feelin' kinda lonesome and blue,
i needed somebody to talk to.
so i called up the operator of time
just to hear a voice of some kind.
""when you hear the beep
it will be three o'clock,""
she said that for over an hour
and i hung it up.
well, the doctor interrupted me just about then,
sayin, ""hey i've been havin' the same old dreams,
but mine was a little different you see.
i dreamt that the only person left after the war was me.
i didn't see you around.""
well, now time passed and now it seems
everybody's having them dreams
everybody sees themselves
walkin' around with no one else
half of the people can be part right all of the time
some of the people can be all right part of the time
but all of the people can't be all right all of the time
i think abraham lincoln said that
""i'll let you be in my dreams if i can be in yours""
i said that"
"i saw it advertised one day,
bear mountain picnic was comin' my way.
""come along 'n' take a trip,
we'll bring you up there on a ship.
bring the wife and kids
bring the whole family.""
yippee!
well, i run right down 'n' bought a ticket
to this bear mountain picnic.
but little did i realize
i was in for a picnic surprise.
had nothin' to do with mountains.
i didn't even come close to a bear.
took the wife 'n' kids down to the pier,
six thousand people there,
everybody had ticket for the trip.
""oh well."" i said, ""it's a pretty big ship.
besides, anyway, the more the merrier.""
well, we all got on 'n' what d'ya think,
that big old boat started t' sink
more people kept a pilin' on,
that old ship was a slowly goin' down.
funny way t' start a picnic.
well, i soon lost track of m' kids 'n' wife,
so many people there i never saw in m' life
that old ship sinkin' down in the water,
six thousand people tryin' t' kill each other,
dogs a barkin', cats a meowin',
women screamin', fists a flyin', babies cryin',
cops a comin', me a runnin'.
maybe we just better call off the picnic.
i got shoved down 'n' pushed around,
all i could hear there was a screamin' sound,
don't remember one thing more,
just remember walkin' up on a little shore,
head busted, stomach cracked,
feet splintered, i was bald, naked. .
quite lucky to be alive though.
feelin' like i climbed outa m' casket,
i grabbed back hold of m' picnic basket.
took the wife 'n' kids 'n' started home,
wishin' i'd never got up that morn.
now, i don't care just what you do,
if you wanta have a picnic, that's up t' you.
but don't tell me about it, i don't wanta hear it,
'cause, see, i just lost all m' picnic spirit.
stay in m' kitchen, have m' own picnic. .
in the bathroom.
now, it don't seem to me quite so funny
what some people are gonna do f'r money.
there's a bran' new gimmick every day
just t' take somebody's money away.
i think we oughta take some o' these people
and put 'em on a boat, send 'em up to bear mountain . .
for a picnic."
"ramblin' outa the wild west
leavin' the towns i love the best
thought i'd seen some ups and down
""til i come into new york town
people goin' down to the ground
buildings goin' up to the sky
wintertime in new york town
the wind blowin' snow around
walk around with nowhere to go
somebody could freeze right to the bone
i froze right to the bone
new york times said
it was the coldest winter in seventeen years
i didn't feel so cold then
i swung on to my old guitar
grabbed hold of a subway car
and after a rocking, reeling,
rolling ride
i landed up on the downtown side
greenwich village
i walked down there and ended up
in one of them coffee houses on the block
got on the stage to sing and play
man there said, ""come back some other day
you sound like a hillbilly
we want folk singer here""
well, i got a harmonica job
begun to play
blowin' my lungs out for a dollar a day
i blowed inside out and upside down
the man there said he loved m' sound
he was ravin' about how he loved m' sound
dollar a day's worth
and after weeks and weeks of hangin' around
i finally got a job in new york town
in a bigger place, bigger money too
even joined the union and paid m' dues
now, a very great man once said
that some people rob you with a fountain pen
it didn't take too long to find out
just what he was talkin' about
a lot of people don't have much food
on their table
but they got a lot of forks n' knives
and they gotta cut somethin'
so one mornin' when the sun was warm
i rambled out of new york town
pulled my cap down over my eyes
and headed out for the western skies
so long, new york
howdy, east orange"
"early one morning the sun was shining.
i was laying in bed
wondering if she'd changed it all.
if her hair was still red.
her folks, they said, our lives together
sure was gonna be rough.
they never did like mama's homemade dress.
papa's bankbook wasn't big enough
and i was standing on the side of the road,
rain falling on my shoes,
heading out for the east coast.
lord knows i've paid some dues getting through,
tangled up in blue.
she was married when we first met.
soon to be divorced.
i helped her out of a jam, i guess,
but i used a little too much force.
we drove that car as far as we could;
abandoned it out west.
split it up on a dark sad night;
both agreeing it was best.
she turned around to look at me
as i was walking away.
i heard her say over my shoulder
""we'll meet again someday on the avenue.""
tangled up in blue.
i had a job in the great north woods
working as a cook for a spell,
but i never did like it all that much
and one day the axe just fell.
so i drifted down to new orleans
where i happened to be employed
working for a while on a fishing boat
right outside of delacroix,
but all the while i was alone.
the past was close behind.
i seen a lot of women,
but she never escaped my mind and i just grew
tangled up in blue.
she was working in a topless place
and i stopped in for a beer.
i just kept looking at the side of her face
in the spotlight so clear
and later on as the crowd thinned out
i's just about to do the same,
she was standing there in back of my chair.
said to me ""don't i know your name?""
i muttered something underneath my breath.
she studied the lines on my face.
i must admit i felt a little uneasy
when she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe.
tangled up in blue.
she lit a burner on the stove and offered me a pipe.
""i thought you'd never say hello,"" she said,
""you look like the silent type.""
then she opened up a book of poems
and handed it to me.
written by an italian poet
from the thirteenth century
and every one of them words rang true
and glowed like burning coal
pouring off of every page
like it was written in my soul from me to you
tangled up in blue.
i lived with them on montague street
in a basement down the stairs.
there was music in the cafe's at night
and revolution in the air.
then he started into dealing with slaves
and something inside of him died.
she had to sell everything she owned
and froze up inside
and when finally the bottom fell out,
i became withdrawn.
the only thing i knew how to do
was to keep on keeping on like a bird that flew
tangled up in blue.
so now i'm going back again.
i got to get her somehow.
all the people we used to know;
they're an illusion to me now.
some are mathematicians.
some are carpenter's wives.
don't know how it all got started.
i don't what they're doing with their lives,
but me, i'm still on the road
heading for another joint.
we always did feel the same.
we just saw it from a different point of view.
tangled up in blue."
"i buyed me a little dog
color it was brown
i learned him how to whistle
sing and dance and run
his legs they were 14 yards long
his ears they were quite broad
around the world in a half a day
and on him i could ride
sing tattle o? day
i buyed me a little bull
about four inches high
everybody feared him
that ever heard him cry
when he begins to bellow
it made such a melodious sound
and all the walls in london town
came tumbling to the ground
sing tattle o? day
i buyed me a flock of sheep
i thought they were all weathers
sometimes they yield at wolves
sometimes they yield at feathers
i think mine are the very best sheep
for yielding increase
for every full change of the moon
they bring both lambs and geese
sing tattle o? day
i buyed me a little box
about four acres square
i filled it full of guineas
and silver so fair
oh now i? m bound for turkey
i travel like an ox
and in my big chest pocket
i carry my little box
sing tattle o? day
i buyed me a little hen
all speckled g** and fair
i sat her on an oyster shell
she hatched me out a hare
the hare it sprang a handsome horse
blew fifteen hens high
and him that tells a bigger tale
would have to tell a lie
sing tattle o? day"
"we carried you in our arms
on independence day,
and now you'd throw us all aside
and put us on our way.
oh what dear daughter 'neath the sun
would treat a father so,
to wait upon him hand and foot
and always tell him, ""no""?
tears of rage, tears of grief,
why must i always be the thief?
come to me now, you know
we're so alone
and life is brief.
we pointed out the way to go
and scratched your name in sand,
though you just thought it was nothing more
than a place for you to stand.
now, i want you to know that while we watched,
you discover there was no one true.
most ev'rybody really thought
it was a childish thing to do.
tears of rage, tears of grief,
must i always be the thief?
come to me now, you know
we're so low
and life is brief.
it was all very painless
when you went out to receive
all that false instruction
which we never could believe.
and now the heart is filled with gold
as if it was a purse.
but, oh, what kind of love is this
which goes from bad to worse?
tears of rage, tears of grief,
must i always be the thief?
come to me now, you know
we're so low
and life is brief."
"tell me, i've got to know.
tell me, tell me before i go.
does that flame still burn? does that fire still glow?
or has it died out and melted like the snow.
tell me.
tell me.
tell me, what are you focused upon?
tell me what i'll know better when you're gone.
tell me quick with a glance on the side.
shall i hold you close?
or shall i let you go by?
tell me.
tell me.
are you looking at me and thinking of somebody else?
can you feel the heat and the beat of my pulse?
do you have any secrets that will come out in time?
do you lie in bed and stare at the stars?
is your main friend an acquaintance of ours?
tell me.
tell me.
tell me, do those neon lights blind your eyes?
tell me, behind what door your treasure lies.
ever gone broke in a big way?
ever gone the opposite of what the experts say?
tell me.
tell me.
is it some kind of game that you're playin' with me.
am i imagining something that never can be?
do you have any morals?
do you have any point of view?
do you long to ride on that old ship of zion?
what means more to you, a lap dog or a dead lion?
tell me.
tell me.
tell me, is my name in your book?
tell me, should i come back and take another look?
tell me the truth, tell me no lies.
are you someone, anyone?
tell me.
tell me."
"i have heard rumors all over town,
they say that you're planning to put me down.
all i would like you to do, is tell me that it isn't true.
they say that you've been seen with some other man,
that he's tall, dark and handsome, and you're holding his hand.
darlin', i'm a countin' on you,
tell me that it isn't true.
to know that some other man is holdin' you tight,
it hurts me all over, it doesn't seem right.
all of those awful things that i have heard,
i don't want to believe them, all i want is your word.
so darlin', you better come through,
tell me that it isn't true.
all of those awful things that i have heard,
i don't want to believe them, all i want is your word.
so darlin', i'm countin' on you,
tell me that it isn't true."
"0l' black bascom, don't break no mirrors
cold black water dog, make no tears
you say you love me with what may be love
don't you remember makin' baby love?
got your steam drill built and you're lookin' for some kid
to get it to work for you like your nine pound hammer did
but i know that you know that i know that you show
something is tearing up your mind.
tell me, momma,
tell me, momma,
tell me, momma, what is it?
what's wrong with you this time?
hey, john, come and get me some candy goods
shucks, it sure feels like it's in the woods
spend some time on your january trips
you got tombstone moose up and your brave yard whips
if you're anxious to find out when your friendship's gonna end
come on, baby, i'm your friend!
and i know that you know that i know that you show
something is tearing up your mind.
tell me, momma,
tell me, momma,
tell me, momma, what is it?
what's wrong with you this time?
ohh, we bone the editor, can't get read
but his painted sled, instead it's a bed
yes, i see you on your window ledge
but i can't tell just how far away you are from the edge
and, anyway, you're just gonna make people jump and roar
whatcha wanna go and do that for?
for i know that you know that i know that you know
something is tearing up your mind.
ah, tell me, momma,
tell me, momma,
tell me, momma, what is it?
what's wrong with you this time?"
"the river whispers in my ear
i've hardly a penny to my name
the heavens have never seemed so near
all my body glows with flame
the tempest struggles in the air
and to myself alone i sing
it could sink me then and there
i can hear the echoes ring
i tried to find one smilin' face
to drive the shadow from my head
i'm stranded in this nameless place
lyin' restless in a heavy bed
tell me straight out if you will
why must you torture me within?
why must you come down off your high hill?
throw my fate to the clouds and wind
far away in a silent land
secret thoughts are hard to bear
remember me you'll understand
emotions we can never share
you trampled on me as you passed
left the coldest kiss upon my brow
all my doubts and fears have gone at last
i've nothing more to tell you now
i walk by tranquil lakes and streams
as each new season's dawn awaits
i lay awake at night with troubled dreams
the enemy is at the gate
beneath the thunder blasted trees
the words are ringin' off your tongue
the ground is hard in times like these
stars are cold, the night is young
the rocks are bleak, the trees are bare
iron clouds go floatin' by
snowflakes falling in my hair
beneath the gray and stormy sky
the evenin' sun is sinking low
the woods are dark, the town is too
they''ll drag you down, they run the show
ain't no tellin' what they'll do
tell ol' bill when he comes home
anything is worth a try
tell him that i'm not alone
that the hour has come to do or die
all the world i would defy
let me make it plain as day
i look at you now and i sigh
how could it be any other way?"
"the pale moon rose explainin it's glory
out on the western town
she told a sad, sad story
of the great ship that went down
t'was the fourteenth day of april
over the waves she rode
sailing into tomorrow
to a golden age foretold
the night was black with starlight
the seas were sharp and clear
moving through the shadows
the promised hour was near
lights were holding steady
gliding over the foam
all the lords and ladies
heading for their eternal home
the chandeliers were swaying
from the balustrades above
the orchestra was playing
songs of faded love
the watchman, he lay dreaming
as the ballroom dancers twirled
he dreamed the titanic was sinking
into the underworld
leo took his sketchbook
he was often so inclined
he closed his eyes and painted
the scenery in his mind
cupid struck his bosom
and broke it with a snap
the closest woman to him
he fell into her lap
he heard a loud commotion
something sounded wrong
his inner spirit was saying
that he couldn?t stand here long
he staggered to the quarterdeck
no time now to sleep
water on the quarterdeck
already three foot deep
smokestack was leaning sideways
heavy feet began to pound
he walked into the whirlwind
sky splitting all around
the ship was going under
the universe had opened wide
the roll was called up yonder
the angels turned aside
lights down in the hallway
flickering dim and dull
dead bodies already floating
in the double bottom hull
the engines then exploded
propellers they failed to start
the boilers overloaded
the ship's bow split apart
passengers were flying
backward, forward, far and fast
they mumbled, fumbled, and tumbled
each one more weary than the last
the veil was torn asunder
'tween the hours of twelve and one
no change, no sudden wonder
could undo what had been done
the watchman lay there dreaming
at fourtyfive degrees
he dreamed that the titanic was sinking
dropping to her knees
wellington he was sleeping
his bed began to slide
his valiant heart was beating
he pushed the tables aside
glass of shattered crystal
lay scattered roundabout
he strapped on both his pistols
how long could he hold out?
his men and his companions
were nowhere to be seen
in silence there he waited for
time and space to intervene
the passageway was narrow
there was blackness in the air
he saw every kind of sorrow
heard voices everywhere
alarm bells were ringing
to hold back the swelling tide
friends and lovers clinging
to each other side by side
mothers and their daughters
descending down the stairs
jumped into the icy waters
love and pity sent their prayers
the rich man, mister astor
kissed his darling wife
he had no way of knowing
it'd be the last trip of his life
calvin, blake and wilson
gambled in the dark
not one of them would ever live to
tell the tale on the disembark
brother rose up 'gainst brother
in every circumstance
they fought and slaughtered each other
in a deadly dance
they lowered down the lifeboats
from the sinking wreck
there were traitors, there were turncoats
broken backs and broken necks
the bishop left his cabin
to help others in need
turned his eyes up to the heavens
said, ""the poor are yours to feed""
davey the brothel keeper
came out dismissed his girls
saw the water getting deeper
saw the changing of his world
jim dandy smiled
he never learned to swim
saw the little crippled child
and he gave his seat to him
he saw the starlight shining
streaming from the east
death was on the rampage
but his heart was now at peace
the battened down the hatches
but the hatches wouldn?t hold
they drowned upon the staircase
of brass and polished gold
leo said to cleo
i think i?m going mad
but he?d lost his mind already
whatever mind he had
he tried to block the doorway
to save all those from harm
blood from an open wound
pouring down his arm
petals fell from flowers
?til all of them were gone
in the long and dreadful hours
the wizard's curse played on
the host was pouring brandy
he was going down slow
he stayed right to the end and he
was the last to go
there were many, many others
nameless here forever more
they never sailed the ocean
or left their homes before
the watchman, he lay dreaming
the damage had been done
he dreamed the titanic was sinking
and he tried to tell someone
the captain, barely breathing
kneeling at the wheel
above him and beneath him
fifty thousand tons of steel
he looked over at his compass
and he gazed into its face
needle pointing downward
he knew he lost the race
in the dark illumination
he remembered bygone years
he read the book of revelation
and he filled his cup with tears
when the reaper's task had ended
sixteen hundred had gone to rest
the good, the bad, the rich, the poor
the loveliest and the best
they waited at the landing
and they tried to understand
but there is no understanding
on the judgement of god's hand
the news came over the wires
and struck with deadly force
love had lost its fires
all things had run their course
the watchman he lay dreaming
of all the things that can be
he dreamed the titanic was sinking
into the deep blue sea"
"standing on your window, honey,
yes, i've been here before.
feeling so harmless,
i'm looking at your second door.
how come you don't send me no regards?
you know i want your lovin',
honey, why are you so hard?
kneeling 'neath your ceiling,
yes, i guess i'll be here for a while.
i'm tryin' to read your portrait, but,
i'm helpless, like a rich man's child.
how come you send someone out to have me barred?
you know i want your lovin',
honey, why are you so hard?
like a poor fool in his prime,
yes, i know you can hear me walk,
but is your heart made out of stone, or is it lime,
or is it just solid rock?
well, i rush into your hallway,
lean against your velvet door.
i watch upon your scorpion
who crawls across your circus floor.
just what do you think you have to guard?
you know i want your lovin', honey, but you're so hard.
achilles is in your alleyway,
he don't want me here,
he does brag.
he's pointing to the sky
and he's hungry, like a man in drag.
how come you get someone like him to be your guard?
you know i want your lovin',
honey. but you're so hard."
"up in the mornin', out on the job
work like the devil for my pay
but that lucky old sun has nothin' to do
but roll around heaven all day
fuss with my woman, toil for my kids
sweat till i'm wrinkled and gray
while that lucky old sun has nothin' to do
but roll around heaven all day
good lord, up above, can't you know i'm cryin'
tears all in my eyes?
send down that cloud with a silver linin'
lift me to paradise
show me that river, take me across
and wash all my troubles away
like that lucky old sun, give me nothin' to do
but roll around heaven all day
good lord above, can't you know i'm cryin'
tears all in my eyes?
send down that cloud with a silver linin'
lift me to paradise
show me that river, take me across
and wash all my troubles away
like that lucky old sun, give me nothin' to do
but roll around heaven, heaven, heaven
oh, roll around heaven, heaven, heaven all day
let me roll around in heaven all day"
"that old black magic has me in its spell
that old black magic that you weave so well
those icy fingers up and down my spine
the same old witchcraft when your eyes meet mine
the same old tingle that i feel inside
and then that elevator starts its slide
down and down i go
round and round i go
like a leaf that's caught in the tide
i should stay away but what can i do
i hear your name, and i'm aflame
a flame with such a burning desire
that only your kiss can put out the fire
'cause you're the lover i have waited for
you're mate that fate had me created for
and every time you lips meet mine
baby darling, down and down i go
round and round i go
in that spin of love that i am in
under that old black magic of love
in that spin, loving the spin i am in
under that old black magic of love
in that spin, loving the spin i am in
under that old black magic of love
i should stay away but what can i do
i hear your name, and i'm aflame
a flame burning desire
that only your kiss can put out the fire
'cause you're the lover i have waited for
you're the mate that fate had me created for
and every time you lips meet mine
baby darling, down i go
round and round i go
in that spin, loving the spin i am in
i'm under that old black magic of love
oh, in that spin, loving the spin i am in
under that old black of love
in that spin, loving the spin i'm in
under that old black of love
under that old black magic of love"
"a hungry feelin' came o'er me stealin'
as the mice were squeelin' in my prison cell
and that auld triangle, oh it jingle jangle
all along the banks of the royal canal
to begin the morning with the water boilin'
""get out of bed, clean up your cell. ""
and that auld triangle goes jingle jangle
all along the banks of the royal canal
on a fine spring evenin' the lake lay dreamin'
the sea gulls beamin' high above the wall
and that auld triangle goes jingle jangle
all along the banks of the royal canal
the screw was peepin' and the lake lay sleepin'
as he lays there weepin' for his good gal sal
and that auld triangle play jingle jangle
all along the banks of the royal canal
in the female prison there are seventy women
and it took all of them where i'd like to dwell
and that auld triangle would go jingle jangle
all along the banks of the royal canal
oh the day was dyin' and the lake was sighin'
as i lay cryin' in my prison cell
and that auld triangle went jingle jangle
all along the banks of the royal canal"
"well, frankie lee and judas priest,
they were the best of friends.
so when frankie lee needed money one day,
judas quickly pulled out a roll of tens
and placed them on a footstool
just above the plotted plain,
sayin', ""take your pick, frankie boy,
my loss will be your gain.""
well, frankie lee, he sat right down
and put his fingers to his chin,
but with the cold eyes of judas on him,
his head began to spin.
""would ya please not stare at me like that,"" he said,
""it's just my foolish pride,
but sometimes a man must be alone
and this is no place to hide.""
well, judas, he just winked and said,
""all right, i'll leave you here,
but you'd better hurry up and choose
which of those bills you want,
before they all disappear.""
""i'm gonna start my pickin' right now,
just tell me where you'll be.""
judas pointed down the road
and said, ""eternity!""
""eternity?"" said frankie lee,
with a voice as cold as ice.
""that's right,"" said judas priest, ""eternity,
though you might call it 'paradise.'""
""i don't call it anything,""
said frankie lee with a smile.
""all right,"" said judas priest,
""i'll see you after a while.""
well, frankie lee, he sat back down,
feelin' low and mean,
when just then a passing stranger
burst upon the scene,
saying, ""are you frankie lee, the gambler,
whose father is deceased?
well, if you are,
there's a fellow callin' you down the road
and they say his name is priest.""
""oh, yes, he is my friend,""
said frankie lee in fright,
""i do recall him very well,
in fact, he just left my sight.""
""yes, that's the one,"" said the stranger,
as quiet as a mouse,
""well, my message is, he's down the road,
stranded in a house.""
well, frankie lee, he panicked,
he dropped ev'rything and ran
until he came up to the spot
where judas priest did stand.
""what kind of house is this,"" he said,
""where i have come to roam?""
""it's not a house,"" said judas priest,
""it's not a house . . it's a home.""
well, frankie lee, he trembled,
he soon lost all control
over ev'rything which he had made
while the mission bells did toll.
he just stood there staring
at that big house as bright as any sun,
with four and twenty windows
and a woman's face in ev'ry one.
well, up the stairs ran frankie lee
with a soulful, bounding leap,
and, foaming at the mouth,
he began to make his midnight creep.
for sixteen nights and days he raved,
but on the seventeenth he burst
into the arms of judas priest,
which is where he died of thirst.
no one tried to say a thing
when they took him out in jest,
except, of course, the little neighbor boy
who carried him to rest.
and he just walked along, alone,
with his guilt so well concealed,
and muttered underneath his breath,
""nothing is revealed.""
well, the moral of the story,
the moral of this song,
is simply that one should never be
where one does not belong.
so when you see your neighbor carryin' somethin',
help him with his load,
and don't go mistaking paradise
for that home across the road."
"gather round you people and a story i will tell
about a brave young indian you should remember well
from the tribe of pima indians, a proud and a peaceful band
they farmed the phoenix valley in arizona land
down their ditches for a thousand years the sparkling water rushed
till their white man stole their water rights and the running water hushed
now ira's folks were hungry and their farms wene crops of weeds
but when war came he volunteers and forgot, the white man's greed
call him, drunken ira hayes, he won't answer anymore
not the whiskey drinking indian or the marine who went to war
yes, call him, drunken ira hayes, he won't answer anymore
not the whiskey drinking indian or the marine who went to war.
they started up iwo jima hill, 250 men
but only 27 lived to walk back down that hill again
and when the fight was over and the old glory raised
one of the men who held it high was the indian ira hayes
call him, drunken ira hayes, he won't answer anymore
not the whiskey drinking indian or the marine who went to war
call him, drunken ira hayes, he won't answer anymore
not the whiskey drinking indian or the marine who went to war.
now ira returned a hero, celebrated throughout the land
he was wined and speeched and honored, everybody shook his hand
but he was just a pima indian, no money crops, no chance
and at home nobody cared what ira had done and the wind did the indian's
dance
call him, drunken ira hayes, he won't answer anymore
not the whiskey drinking indian or the marine who went to war
call him, drunken ira hayes, he won't answer anymore
not the whiskey drinking indian or the marine who went to war.
and ira started drinking hard, jail was often his home
they let him raise the flag there and lower it like you'd throw a dog a bone
he died drunk early one morning, alone in the land he had fought to save
two inches of water in a lonely ditch was the grave for ira hayes
call him, drunken ira hayes, he won't answer anymore
not the whiskey drinking indian or the marine who went to war
yes, call him, drunken ira hayes, he won't answer anymore
not the whiskey drinking indian or the marine who went to war.
yes, call him, drunken ira hayes, but his land is still as dry
and his ghost is lying thirsty in the ditch where ira died
call him, drunken ira hayes, he won't answer anymore
not the whiskey drinking indian or the marine who went to war
yes, call him, drunken ira hayes, he won't answer anymore
not the whiskey drinking indian or the marine who went to war."
"i'm just a poor boy
though my story's seldom told
i have squadered my resistance
for a pocketful of numbles
such are promises, all lies and jest
still a man hears what he wants to hear
and disregards the rest.
when i left my home and family
i was no more than a boy
in the company of strangers
in the quiet of the railway station
running scared, laying low
seeking out the poorer quarters
where the ragged people go
looking for the places only they would know.
asking only workman's wages
i come looking for a job
but i get no offers
just a come on from the whores on seventh avenue
i do declare
there were times when i was so lonesome
i took some comfort there.
then i'm laying out my winter clothes
and wishing i was gone, going home
where the new york city winters aren't bleeding me
leading me
going home.
in the clearing stands a boxer
and a fighter by his trade
and he carries the reminders
of every glove that laid him down
and cut him till he cried out
in his anger and his shame
""i am leaving, i am leaving""
but the fighter still remains."
"on slim hands waiting
flash bright in candlelight till sunday's early morn
we found her room that rainy morning
she took my hand through
winding roads and led me home
some red french wine when later waiting
in her warm hideaway, she smiled and combed her hair
we talked of all, we talked of nothing
i left with promises to meet, she told me where
oh, but she laughed each time i asked her name
made promises to meet again
but her friends down at the french café
had no english words for me
so you may find above the border
a girl with silver rings"
"three silver rings
three silver rings on slim hands waiting
flash bright in candlelight till sunday's early morn
we found her room that rainy morning
she took my hand through winding roads and led me home
some red french wine when later waiting
in her warm hideaway, she smiled and combed her hair
we talked of all, we talked of nothing
i left with promises to meet, she told me where
oh, but she laughed each time i asked her name
made promises, they're all in vain
but her friends down at the french café
had no english words for me
so you may find above the border
a girl with silver rings, i never knew her name
you're bound to lose, she's too much for you
she'll leave you lost some rainy morn, you won't be the same
you won't be the same"
"'twas in the year of '82
in the springtime of the year
i left my mother and a home so dear
all for that girl on the greenbriar shore
my mother, she says, ""son, don't go
don't leave me here alone
don't leave your mother and a home so dear
never trust a girl on the greenbriar shore. ""
but i was young and reckless too
and i craved a reckless life
i left my mother and a home so dear
and i took that girl to be my wife
her hair was dark and curly too
and her lovin' eyes were blue
her cheeks were like the red red rose
that girl i loved from the greenbriar shore
the years rolled on and the months rolled by
she left me all alone
now i remember what my momma said
""never trust the girl on the greenbriar shore. """
"prayed in the ghetto with my face in the cement,
heard the last moan of a boxer, seen the massacre of the innocent
felt around for the light switch, became nauseated.
she was walking down the hallway while the walls deteriorated.
east of the jordan, hard as the rock of gibraltar,
i see the burning of the page, curtain risin' on a new age,
see the groom still waitin' at the altar.
try to be pure at heart, they arrest you for robbery,
mistake your shyness for aloofness, your shyness for snobbery,
got the message this morning, the one that was sent to me
about the madness of becomin' what one was never meant to be.
west of the jordan, east of the rock of gibraltar,
i see the burning of the stage,
curtain risin' on a new age,
see the groom still waitin' at the altar.
don't know what i can say about claudette that wouldn't come back to haunt me,
finally had to give her up 'bout the time she began to want me.
but i know god has mercy on them who are slandered and humiliated.
i'd a done anything for that woman if she didn't make me feel so obligated.
west of the jordan, west of the rock of gibraltar,
i see the burning of the cage,
curtain risin' on a new stage,
see the groom still waitin' at the altar.
put your hand on my head, baby, do i have a temperature?
i see people who are supposed to know better standin' around like furniture.
there's a wall between you and what you want and you got to leap it,
tonight you got the power to take it, tomorrow you won't have the power to
keep it.
west of the jordan, east of the rock of gibraltar,
i see the burning of the stage, curtain risin' on a new age,
see the groom still waitin' at the altar.
cities on fire, phones out of order,
they're killing nuns and soldiers, there's fighting on the border.
what can i say about claudette?
ain't seen her since january,
she could be respectably married or running a whorehouse in buenos aires.
west of the jordan, west of the rock of gibraltar,
i see the burning of the stage,
curtain risin' on a new age,
see the groom still waitin' at the altar."
"'twas in the town of griffin
in the year of sixty five
a well known famous drover
'twas in the town of griffin
in the year of sixty five
a well known famous drover
stepped up to me and talked
sayin' ""how do you do, young cowboy
and how'd you like to go
spend the summer pleasantly
in the hills of mexico""
well, me being out of work right then
to this drover i did say
""well, this going out on the buffalo range
depends on your pay
but if you pay good wages
transportation to and fro
i think i might go with you
to the hills of mexico""
well, we crossed the river, boys
our troubles they begun
lightening, flashlight, hell fire
had made the cattle run
i tread towards the hiding place
comanches waiting to pick us off
on the hills of mexico"
"there is a house down in new orleans
they call the risin' sun
and it's been the ruin of many a poor girl
and me, oh god, i'm a one
my mother was a tailor
she sewed my new blue jeans
my father was a gambler, lord
down in new orleans
now the only thing a gambler needs
is a suitcase and a trunk
and the only time he's satisfied
is when he's on a drunk
he fills his glasses up to the brim
and he'll pass the cards around
and the only pleasure he gets out of life
is ramblin' from town to town
oh tell my baby sister
not to do what i have done
but shun that house in new orleans
they call the risin' sun
well, it's one foot on the platform
and the other foot on the train
i'm goin' back to new orleans
to wear that ball and chain
i'm a goin' back to new orleans
my race is almost run
i'm goin' back to end my life
down in the risin' sun
there is a house in new orleans
they call the risin' sun
it's been the ruin of many poor girl
and me, oh god, i'm a one"
"if it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
if it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
everybody saying this is a day only the lord could make
well, i worked on the levee, mama, both night and day
i worked on the levee, mama, both night and day
i got to the river and i threw my clothes away
i paid my time and now i'm good as new,
i paid my time and now i'm as good as new.
they can't take me back unless i want 'em to
if it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
if it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
some of these people gonna strip you of all they can take
i can't stop here i ain't ready to unload
i can't stop here i ain't ready to unload
riches and salvation can be waiting behind the next bend in the road
i picked you up from the gutter and this is the thanks i get
i picked you up from the gutter and this is the thanks i get
you say you want me to quit ya, i told ya, 'no, not just yet.'
well, i look in your eyes, i see nobody other than me
i look in your eyes, i see nobody other than me
i see all that i am and all i hope to be
if it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
if it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
some of these people don't know which road to take
when i'm with you, i forget i was ever blue
when i'm with you, i forget i was ever blue
without you there's no meaning in anything i do
some people on the road carryin' everything that they own
some people on the road carryin' everything they own
some people got barely enough skin to cover their bones
put on your cat clothes, mama, put on your evening dress
put on your cat clothes, mama, put on your evening dress
few more years of hard work, then there'll be a 1,000 years of happiness
if it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
if it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
i tried to get you to love me, but i won't repeat that mistake
if it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
if it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
plenty of cheap stuff out there and still around that you take
i woke up this morning, butter and eggs in my bed
i woke up this morning, butter and eggs in my bed
i ain't got enough room to even raise my head.
come back, baby, say we never more will part
come back, baby, say we never more will part
don't be a stranger with no brain or heart
if it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
if it keep on rainin', the levee gonna break
some people still sleepin', some people are wide awake"
"william zanzinger killed poor hattie carroll
with a cane that he twirled around his diamond ring finger
at a baltimore hotel society gath'rin'.
and the cops were called in and his weapon took from him
as they rode him in custody down to the station
and booked william zanzinger for first degree murder.
but you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears,
take the rag away from your face.
now ain't the time for your tears.
william zanzinger, who at twenty four years
owns a tobacco farm of six hundred acres
with rich wealthy parents who provide and protect him
and high office relations in the politics of maryland,
reacted to his deed with a shrug of his shoulders
and swear words and sneering, and his tongue it was snarling,
in a matter of minutes on bail was out walking.
but you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears,
take the rag away from your face.
now ain't the time for your tears.
hattie carroll was a maid of the kitchen.
she was fifty one years old and gave birth to ten children
who carried the dishes and took out the garbage
and never sat once at the head of the table
and didn't even talk to the people at the table
who just cleaned up all the food from the table
and emptied the ashtrays on a whole other level,
got killed by a blow, lay slain by a cane
that sailed through the air and came down through the room,
doomed and determined to destroy all the gentle.
and she never done nothing to william zanzinger.
but you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears,
take the rag away from your face.
now ain't the time for your tears.
in the courtroom of honor, the judge pounded his gavel
to show that all's equal and that the courts are on the level
and that the strings in the books ain't pulled and persuaded
and that even the nobles get properly handled
once that the cops have chased after and caught 'em
and that the ladder of law has no top and no bottom,
stared at the person who killed for no reason
who just happened to be feelin' that way without warnin'.
and he spoke through his cloak, most deep and distinguished,
and handed out strongly, for penalty and repentance,
william zanzinger with a six month sentence.
oh, but you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears,
bury the rag deep in your face
for now's the time for your tears."
"the man in me will do nearly any task,
and as for compensation, there's little he would ask.
take a woman like you
to get through to the man in me.
storm clouds are raging all around my door,
i think to myself i might not take it any more.
take a woman like your kind
to find the man in me.
but, oh, what a wonderful feeling
just to know that you are near,
sets my a heart a reeling
from my toes up to my ears.
the man in me will hide sometimes to keep from bein' seen,
but that's just because he doesn't want to turn into some machine.
took a woman like you
to get through to the man in me."
"there was a moon out in space
but a cloud drifted over it's face
you kissed me and went on your way
the night we called it a day
i heard the song of the spheres
like a minor lament in my ears
i hadn't the heart left to pray
the night we called it a day
soft through the dark
the hoot of an owl in the sky
sad though his song
no bluer was he than i
the moon went down stars were gone
but the sun didn't rise with the dawn
there wasn't a thing left to say
the night we called it a day
there wasn't a thing left to say
the night we called it a day"
"go out yonder, peace in the valley
come downtown, have to rumble in the alley
oh, you don't know the shape i'm in
has anybody seen my lady
this living alone will drive me crazy
oh, you don't know the shape i'm in
i'm gonna go down by the wa   ter
but i ain't gonna jump in, no, no
i'll just be looking for my mak   er
and i hear that that's where she's been? oh!
out of nine lives, i spent seven
now, how in the world do you get to heaven
oh, you don't know the shape i'm in
i just spent 60 days in the jailhouse
for the crime of having no dough
now here i am back out on the street
for the crime of having nowhere to go
save your neck or save your brother
looks like it's one or the other
oh, you don't know the shape i'm in
now two young kids might start a ruckus
you know they feel you trying to shuck us
oh, you don't know the shape i'm in"
"well the woman that i love she's got a hook in her nose
her eyebrows meet she wears sexy damn clothes
she screams when i stutter and she walks with a hop
i don't know why i love her but i just can't stop
you know i love her yeah i love her
i'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world
if i ever lose her i'll go insane
i go heaven crazy when she calls my name
she says baby baby baby i l l l love you
there ain't nothing in the world that i wouldn't do
you know i love her yeah i love her
i'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world
the woman that i love she's got two flat feet
her knees knock together walking down the street
she cracks her knuckles and she snores in bed
she ain't much to look at but like i said
i love her yeah i love her
i'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world
i don't mean to say that she's got nothing done
she's got a weird sense of humor that's all her own
when i get low she sets me on my feet
got a five inch smile but her breath is sweet
you know i love her yeah i love her i'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world
well the woman that i love she's got a hook in her nose
her eyebrows meet she wears sexy damn clothes
she screams when i stutter and she walks with a hop
i don't know why i love her but i just can't stop
you know i love her yeah i love her
i'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world"
"there was a wicked messenger
from eli he did come,
with a mind that multiplied
the smallest matter.
when questioned who had sent for him,
he answered with his thumb,
for his tongue it could not speak, but only flatter.
he stayed behind the assembly hall,
it was there he made his bed,
oftentimes he could be seen returning.
until one day he just appeared
with a note in his hand which read,
""the soles of my feet, i swear they're burning.""
oh, the leaves began to fallin'
and the seas began to part,
and the people that confronted him were many.
and he was told but these few words,
which opened up his heart,
""if ye cannot bring good news, then don't bring any."""
"there was a man named mahatma gandhi,
he would not bow down, he would not fight.
he knew the deal was a down and dirty.
and nothing wrong could make it right away.
but he knew his duty and the price he had to pay.
just another holy man who dared to be a friend.
my god, they killed him.
another man from atlanta, georgia,
name of martin luther king
he shook the land like a rolling thunder
and made the bells of freedom ring today
with a dream of beauty that they could not take away
just another holy man who dared to make a stand.
my god, they killed him.
the only son of god almighty
the holy one called jesus christ
he healed the sick and fed the hungry
and for his love they took his life away
on the road to glory where the story never ends
just the holy son of man i'll never understand.
my god, they killed him.
(there was a man named mahatma gandhi,
a man named martin luther king
the only son of god almighty
the holy one called jesus christ)
on the road to glory where the story never ends
just the holy son of man i'll never understand.
my god, they killed him.
there was a man named mahatma gandhi,
a man named martin luther king
the only son of god almighty
the holy one called jesus christ
on the road to glory where the story never ends
just the holy son of man i'll never understand.
my god, they killed him.
(there was a man named mahatma gandhi,
a man named martin luther king
the only son of god almighty
the holy one called jesus christ)
(there was a man named mahatma gandhi,
a man named martin luther king...)"
"a worried man with a worried mind
no one in front of me and nothing behind
there's a woman on my lap and she's drinking champagne
got white skin, got assassin's eyes
i'm looking up into the sapphire tempered skies
i'm well dressed, waiting on the last train
standin' on the gallows with my head in the noose
any minute now i'm expectin' all hell to break loose
people are crazy and times are strange
i'm locked in tight, i'm out of range
i used to care but   things have changed.
this place ain't doin' me any good
i'm in the wrong town, i should've been in hollywood
just for a second there i thought i saw something move
gonna take dancin' lessons, do the jitterbug rag
ain't no shortcuts, gonna dress in drag
only a fool in here would think he got anythin' to prove
lotta water under the bridge, lotta other stuff too
don't get up gentlemen, i'm only passing through
people are crazy and times are strange
i'm locked in tight, i'm out of range
i used to care but   things have changed.
i've been walkin' forty miles of bad road
if the bible is right the world will explode
i'm tryin' to get as far away from myself as i can
some things are too hot to touch
the human mind can only stand so much
you can't win with a losing hand
feel like falling in love with the first woman i meet
puttin' her in a wheelbarrow and wheelin' her down the street
people are crazy and times are strange
i'm locked in tight, i'm out of range
i used to care but   things have changed.
i hurt easy, i just don't show it
you can hurt someone and not even know it
the next sixty seconds could be like an eternity
gonna get lowdown, gonna fly high
all the truth in the world adds up to one big lie
i'm in love with a woman that don't even appeal to me
mr. jinx and miss lucy they jumped in a lake
i'm not that eager to make a mistake
people are crazy and times are strange
i'm locked in tight, i'm out of range
i used to care but   things have changed."
"you've long been on the open road
you've been sleepin in the rain
from the dirty words and muddy cells
your clothes are soiled and stained
but the dirty words and muddy cells
will soon be hid in shame
so only stop to rest yourself
till you'll go off again
so take off your thirsty boots
and stay for awhile
your feet are hot and weary
from a dusty mile
and maybe i can make you laugh
maybe i can try
i'm just lookin' for the evening
and the morning in your eyes
but tell me of the ones you saw
as far as you could see
across the plain from field to town
a marching to be free
and of the rusted prison gates
that tumbled by degree
like laughing children one by one
who looked like you and me
so take off your thirsty boots
and stay for awhile
your feet are hot and weary
from a dusty mile
and maybe i can make you laugh
maybe i can try
i'm just lookin' for the evening
and the morning in your eyes
i know you are no stranger down
the crooked rainbow trails
from dancing cliff edged shattered sills
of slender shackled jails
but the voices drift up from below
as the walls they're being scaled
all of this and more
your song shall not be failed
so take off your thirsty boots
and stay for awhile
your feet are hot and weary
from a dusty mile
and maybe i can make you laugh
maybe i can try
i'm just lookin' for the evening
and the morning in your eyes"
"how long can i stay in this nowhere café
'fore night turns into day
i wonder why i'm so frightened of dawn
all i have and all i know
is this dream of you
which keeps me living on
there's a moment when all old things
become new again
but that moment might have come and gone
all i have and all i know
is this dream of you
which keeps me living on
i look away, but i keep seeing it
i don't want to believe, but i keep believing it
shadows dance upon the wall
shadows that seem to know it all
am i too blind to see, is my heart playing tricks on me
i'm lost in the crowd
all my tears are gone
all i have and all i know
is this dream of you
which keeps me living on
everything i touch seems to disappear
everywhere i turn you are always here
i'll run this race until my earthly death
i'll defend this place with my dying breath
from a cheerless room in a curtained gloom
i saw a star from heaven fall
i turned and looked again but it was gone
all i have and all i know
is this dream of you
which keeps me living on"
"tell ol bill when he comes home this mornin?
tell ol bill when he comes home this evenin?
tell ol bill when he comes home to leave them downtown girls alone
this morning this evenin? so soon
old sal was baking bread this morning
old sal was baking bread this evenin?
old sal was baking bread when she found out her bill was dead
this morning this evenin? so soon
she said oh no it cant be so this mornin?
oh no it cant be so this evenin?
she said oh n, it can? t be so my bill left home bout an hour ago
this morning this evenin? so soon
well they brought bill home in a hurry up wagon this morning
they brought bill home in a hurry up wagon this evenin
well they brought bill home in a hurry up wagon his arms, his legs, his feet were draggin
this morning this evenin so soon
so soon
so soon
so soon
tell ol bill when he gets home this morning
tell oil bill when he comes home this evenin
yes tell ol bill when he comes home to leave them downtown girls alone
this morning this evenin so soon
so soon
so soon"
"this land is your land, this land is my land
from california to the new york island
from the redwood forest to the gulf stream waters
this land was made for you and me.
as i went walking that ribbon of highway
i saw above me that endless skyway
i saw below me that golden valley
this land was made for you and me.
i roamed and i rambled and i followed my footsteps
to the sparkling sands of her diamond deserts
while all around me a voice was sounding
saying this land was made for you and me.
the sun came shining, and i was strolling
and the wheat fields waving and the dust clouds rolling
as the fog was lifting, a voice was chanting,
this land was made for you and me.
this land is your land, this land is my land
from california to the new york island
from the redwood forest to the gulf stream waters
this land was made for you and me.
by nacim"
"if your mem'ry serves you well,
we were goin' to meet again and wait,
so i'm goin' to unpack all my things
and sit before it gets too late.
no man alive will come to you
with another tale to tell,
but you know that we shall meet again
if your mem'ry serves you well.
this wheel's on fire,
rolling down the road,
best notify my next of kin,
this wheel shall explode!
if your mem'ry serves you well,
i was goin' to confiscate your lace,
and wrap it up in a sailor's knot
and hide it in your case.
if i knew for sure that it was yours . .
but it was oh so hard to tell.
but you knew that we would meet again,
if your mem'ry serves you well.
this wheel's on fire,
rolling down the road,
best notify my next of kin,
this wheel shall explode!
if your mem'ry serves you well,
you'll remember you're the one
that called on me to call on them
to get you your favors done.
and after ev'ry plan had failed
and there was nothing more to tell,
you knew that we would meet again,
if your mem'ry served you well.
this wheel's on fire,
rolling down the road,
best notify my next of kin,
this wheel shall explode"
"three angels up above the street,
each one playing a horn,
dressed in green robes with wings that stick out,
they've been there since christmas morn.
the wildest cat from montana passes by in a flash,
then a lady in a bright orange dress,
one u haul trailer, a truck with no wheels,
the tenth avenue bus going west.
the dogs and pigeons fly up and they flutter around,
a man with a badge skips by,
three fellas crawlin' on their way back to work,
nobody stops to ask why.
the bakery truck stops outside of that fence
where the angels stand high on their poles,
the driver peeks out, trying to find one face
in this concrete world full of souls.
the angels play on their horns all day,
the whole earth in progression seems to pass by.
but does anyone hear the music they play,
does anyone even try?"
"thunder on the mountain, and there's fires on the moon
a ruckus in the alley and the sun will be here soon
today's the day, gonna grab my trombone and blow
well, there's hot stuff here and it's everywhere i go
i was thinkin' 'bout alicia keys, couldn't keep from crying
when she was born in hell's kitchen, i was living down the line
i'm wondering where in the world alicia keys could be
i been looking for her even clear through tennessee
feel like my soul is beginning to expand
look into my heart and you will sort of understand
you brought me here, now you're trying to run me away
the writing on the wall, come read it, come see what it say
thunder on the mountain, rollin' like a drum
gonna sleep over there, that's where the music coming from
i don't need any guide, i already know the way
remember this, i'm your servant both night and day
the pistols are poppin' and the power is down
i'd like to try somethin' but i'm so far from town
the sun keeps shinin' and the north wind keeps picking up speed
gonna forget about myself for a while, gonna go out and see what others need
i've been sittin' down studyin' the art of love
i think it will fit me like a glove
i want some real good woman to do just what i say
everybody got to wonder what's the matter with this cruel world today
thunder on the mountain rolling to the ground
gonna get up in the morning walk the hard road down
some sweet day i'll stand beside my king
i wouldn't betray your love or any other thing
gonna raise me an army, some tough sons of b****es
i'll recruit my army from the orphanages
i been to st. herman's church, said my religious vows
i've sucked the milk out of a thousand cows
i got the porkchops, she got the pie
she ain't no angel and neither am i
shame on your greed, shame on your wicked schemes
i'll say this, i don't give a damn about your dreams
thunder on the mountain heavy as can be
mean old twister bearing down on me
all the ladies in washington scrambling to get out of town
looks like something bad gonna happen, better roll your airplane down
everybody going and i want to go too
don't wanna take a chance with somebody new
i did all i could, i did it right there and then
i've already confessed   no need to confess again
gonna make a lot of money, gonna go up north
i'll plant and i'll harvest what the earth brings forth
the hammer's on the table, the pitchfork's on the shelf
for the love of god, you ought to take pity on yourself"
"well, i had to move fast
and i couldn't with you around my neck.
i said i'd send for you and i did
what did you expect?
my hands are sweating
and we haven't even started yet.
i'll go along with the charade
until i can think my way out.
i know it was all a big joke
whatever it was about.
someday maybe
i'll remember to forget.
i'm gonna get my coat,
i feel the breath of a storm.
there's something i've got to do tonight,
you go inside and stay warm.
has anybody seen my love,
has anybody seen my love,
has anybody seen my love.
i don't know,
has anybody seen my love?
you want to talk to me,
go ahead and talk.
whatever you got to say to me
won't come as any shock.
i must be guilty of something,
you just whisper it into my ear.
madame butterfly
she lulled me to sleep,
in a town without pity
where the water runs deep.
she said, ""be easy, baby,
there ain't nothin' worth stealin' in here.""
you're the one i've been looking for,
you're the one that's got the key.
but i can't figure out whether i'm too good for you
or you're too good for me.
has anybody seen my love,
has anybody seen my love,
has anybody seen my love.
i don't know,
has anybody seen my love?
well, they're not showing any lights tonight
and there's no moon.
there's just a hot blooded singer
singing ""memphis in june,""
while they're beatin' the devil out of a guy
who's wearing a powder blue wig.
later he'll be shot
for resisting arrest,
i can still hear his voice crying
in the wilderness.
what looks large from a distance,
close up ain't never that big.
never could learn to drink that blood
and call it wine,
never could learn to hold you, love,
and call you mine."
"time passes slowly up here in the mountains,
we sit beside bridges and walk beside fountains,
catch the wild fishes that float through the stream,
time passes slowly when you're lost in a dream.
once i had a sweetheart, she was fine and good lookin',
we sat in her kitchen while her mama was cookin',
stared out the window to the stars high above,
time passes slowly when you're searchin' for love.
ain't no reason to go in a wagon to town,
ain't no reason to go to the fair.
ain't no reason to go up, ain't no reason to go down,
ain't no reason to go anywhere.
time passes slowly up here in the daylight,
we stare straight ahead and try so hard to stay right,
like the red rose of summer that blooms in the day,
time passes slowly and fades away."
"it was late last night when the boss came home
to wander early his mansion and a desolate throne
servant said boss the ladies gone
she left this morning just before dawn
you got something to tell me, tell it to me man
come to the point as straight as you can
old henry lee chief of the clan
came riding through the woods and took her by the hand
the boss he lay back flat on his bed
he cursed the heat and he clutched his head
he pondered the future of his fate
to wait another day would be far too late
go fetch me my coat and my tie
and the cheapest labour that money can buy
saddle me up my buckskin mare
if you see me go by put up a prayer
well they rode all night and they rode all day
eastward long on the broad highway
his spirit was tired and his vision was bent
his men deserted him and onward he went
he came to a place where the land was dull
his poor head pounding in his skull
heavy heart was racked with pain
insomnia raging in his brain
well he threw down his helmet and his cross handle sword
he renounced his faith he denied his lord
crawled on his belly put his ear to the wall
one way or another put an end to it all
he leaned down cut the electric wire
stared into the flames and he snorted the fire
peered through the darkness caught a glimpse of the two
hard to tell for certain who was who
he lowered himself down on a golden chain
his nerves were quickening every vein
his knuckles were bloody he sucked in the air
he ran his fingers through his greasy hair
they looked at each other and their glasses clinked
one single unit inseparably linked
got a strange premonition there's a man close by
don't worry about him he wouldn't harm a fly
from behind the curtain the boss crossed the floor
he moved his feet and he bolted the door
shadows hiding the lines in his face
with all the nobility of an ancient race
she turned she was startled by a look of surprise
with the hatred that could hit the skies
you're a reckless fool i could see it in your eyes
to come this way was by no means wise
get up stand up you greedy lipped wench
and cover your face with some other consequence
you are making my heart feel sick
put your clothes on double quick
sill boy you think me a saint
to listen no more to your words of complaint
you've given me nothing but the sweetest lies
now hold your tongue and feed your eyes
id have given you the stars and the planets too
what good are these things to you
by the heart if not the knee
or never again this world you see
oh please let not your heart be cold
this man is dearer to me than gold
oh my dear you must be blind
he's a gutless ape with a worthless mind
you've had your way too long with me
now its me who will determine how things will be
tried to escape he cussed and cursed
you'll have to try get passed me first
i dared not let your passion rule
you think my heart the heart of a fool
and you sir you can not deny
you made a monkey of me for what and for why
ill have no more of this insulting chat
the devil can have you i'll see to that
look sharp or step aside
or in the cradle you'll wish you died
the gun went boom and the shot rang clear
the first bullet grazed his ear
second ball went right straight in
and he bent in the middle like a twisted bin
he crawled to the corner and he lowered his head
he grabbed the chair and he grabbed the bed
it would take more than needle and thread
bleeding from the mouth he's as good as dead
you shot my husband down you fiend
husband what, husband what the hell do you mean
he was man of strife a man of sin
i cut him down and i throw him to the wind
hear this she said with angry breath
you too shall meet the lord of death
it was i who brought your soul to life
and she raised her robe and she drew out a knife
his face was hard and caked with sweat
his arms ached and his hands were wet
you're a murderous woman and bloody wife
if you dont mind ill have the knife
we're two of a kind and our blood runs hot
but we're no way similar in body or thought
all husbands are good men is all i knew
then she pierced him to the heart and his blood did flow
his knees went limp and he reached for the door
his doom was sealed he slipped to the floor
he whispered in her ear this is all your fault
my fighting days have come to a halt
she touched his lips and kissed his cheek
he tried to speak but his breath was weak
you die for me i will die for you
she put the blade to her heart and she ran it though
all three lovers together in a heap
thrown into the grave forever to sleep
funeral torches blazed away
through the towns and the villages all night and all day"
"well you can tell ev'rybody
down in ol' frisco
tell 'em
tiny montgomery says hello
now ev'ry boy and girl's
gonna get their bang
'cause tiny montgomery's
gonna shake that thing
tell ev'rybody
down in ol' frisco
that tiny montgomery's comin'
down to say hello
skinny moo and
half track frank
they're gonna both be gettin'
outa the tank
one bird book
and a buzzard and a crow
tell 'em all
that tiny's gonna say hello
scratch your dad
do that bird
suck that pig
and bring it on home
pick that drip
and bake that dough
tell 'em all
that tiny says hello
now he's king of the drunks
an' he squeezes, too
watch out, lester
take it, lou
join the monks
the c.i.o.
tell 'em all
that tiny montgomery says hello
now grease that pig
and sing praise
go on out
and gas that dog
trick on in
honk that stink
take it on down
and watch it grow
play it low
and pick it up
take it on in
in a plucking cup
three legged man
and a hot lipped hoe
tell 'em all
montgomery says hello
well you can tell ev'rybody
down in ol' frisco
tell 'em all
montgomery says hello"
"to be alone with you
just you and me
now won't you tell me true
ain't that the way it oughta be?
to hold each other tight
the whole night through
ev'rything is always right
when i'm alone with you.
to be alone with you
at the close of the day
with only you in view
while evening slips away
it only goes to show
that while life's pleasures be few
the only one i know
is when i'm alone with you.
they say that nighttime is the right time
to be with the one you love
too many thoughts get in the way in the day
but you're always what i'm thinkin' of
i wish the night were here
bringin' me all of your charms
when only you are near
to hold me in your arms.
i'll always thank the lord
when my working day's through
i get my sweet reward
to be alone with you."
"a tear go down
my day is real
but your dying eye
upon the same
and need just road
for me from you
what paradise
what can i do?
that die for my
and the day is dark
i can't believe
for the end of time
what i could find
oh time is rye ou lou
'f i fell in love
to fall in love
to fall in love
with you
the day is dark
our time is right
day in the night
deep in the night
i came dev be back
i hear a my a surprise
i see it in you live
i knew it in your eyes
well i feel your love
and i feel no shame
i can't unleash your horde
i call your name
what were to me
what can i do?
to fall in love
to fall in love
to fall in love
with you
it just rolls
upon the sand
deverthisse now
i made the man
can make you feel
what i can find
i know it in my days
ah in my dreary mind
oh will ages roll
will ages fly
i hear your name
where angel lie
what do i know?
for to come it's true
to fall in love
to fall in love
to fall in love
with you
how can the doors
a trust on a nail
how can i be surprised
of most everything
ah in the distant road
i can't be the same
i feel no love
i kill no shame
i can't watch the bay
out on my an own
we've a destined man
i came atist it all
 i could find
where i could go
to fall in love
to fall in love
to fall in love
with you"
"ramona, come closer,
shut softly your watery eyes.
the pangs of your sadness
shall pass as your senses will rise.
the flowers of the city
though breathlike, get deathlike at times.
and there's no use in tryin'
t' deal with the dyin',
though i cannot explain that in lines.
your cracked country lips,
i still wish to kiss,
as to be under the strength of your skin.
your magnetic movements
still capture the minutes i'm in.
but it grieves my heart, love,
to see you tryin' to be a part of
a world that just don't exist.
it's all just a dream, babe,
a vacuum, a scheme, babe,
that sucks you into feelin' like this.
i can see that your head
has been twisted and fed
by worthless foam from the mouth.
i can tell you are torn
between stayin' and returnin'
on back to the south.
you've been fooled into thinking
that the finishin' end is at hand.
yet there's no one to beat you,
no one t' defeat you,
'cept the thoughts of yourself feeling bad.
i've heard you say many times
that you're better 'n no one
and no one is better 'n you.
if you really believe that,
you know you got
nothing to win and nothing to lose.
from fixtures and forces and friends,
your sorrow does stem,
that hype you and type you,
making you feel
that you must be exactly like them.
i'd forever talk to you,
but soon my words,
they would turn into a meaningless ring.
for deep in my heart
i know there is no help i can bring.
everything passes,
everything changes,
just do what you think you should do.
and someday maybe,
who knows, baby,
i'll come and be cryin' to you."
"the sweet pretty things are in bed now of course
the city fathers they're trying to endorse
the reincarnation of paul revere's horse
but the town has no need to be nervous
the ghost of belle starr she hands down her wits
to jezebel the nun she violently knits
a bald wig for jack the ripper who sits
at the head of the chamber of commerce
mama's in the fact'ry
she ain't got no shoes
daddy's in the alley
he's lookin' for food
i'm in the kitchen
with the tombstone blues
the hysterical bride in the penny arcade
screaming she moans, ""i've just been made""
then sends out for the doctor who pulls down the shade
says, ""my advice is to not let the boys in""
now the medicine man comes and he shuffles inside
he walks with a swagger and he says to the bride
""stop all this weeping, swallow your pride
you will not die, it's not poison""
mama's in the fact'ry
she ain't got no shoes
daddy's in the alley
he's lookin' for food
i'm in the kitchen
with the tombstone blues
well, john the baptist after torturing a thief
looks up at his hero the commander in chief
saying, ""tell me great hero, but please make it brief
is there a hole for me to get sick in?""
the commander in chief answers him while chasing a fly
saying, ""death to all those who would whimper and cry""
and dropping a bar bell he points to the sky
saying, ""the sun's not yellow it's chicken""
mama's in the fact'ry
she ain't got no shoes
daddy's in the alley
he's lookin' for food
i'm in the kitchen
with the tombstone blues
the king of the philistines his soldiers to save
put jawbones on their tombstones and flatters their graves
puts the pied pipers in prison and fattens the slaves
then sends them out to the jungle
gypsy davey with a blowtorch he burns out their camps
with his faithful slave pedro behind him he tramps
with a fantastic collection of stamps
to win friends and influence his uncle
mama's in the fact'ry
she ain't got no shoes
daddy's in the alley
he's lookin' for food
i'm in the kitchen
with the tombstone blues
the geometry of innocence flesh on the bone
causes galileo's math book to get thrown
at delilah who sits worthlessly alone
but the tears on her cheeks are from laughter
now i wish i could give brother bill his great thrill
i would set him in chains at the top of the hill
then send out for some pillars and cecil b. demille
he could die happily ever after
mama's in the fact'ry
she ain't got no shoes
daddy's in the alley
he's lookin' for food
i'm in the kitchen
with the tombstone blues
where ma raney and beethoven once unwrapped their bed roll
tuba players now rehearse around the flagpole
and the national bank at a profit sells road maps for the soul
to the old folks home and the college
now i wish i could write you a melody so plain
that could hold you dear lady from going insane
that could ease you and cool you and cease the pain
of your useless and pointless knowledge
mama's in the fact'ry
she ain't got no shoes
daddy's in the alley
he's lookin' for food
i'm in the kitchen
with the tombstone blues"
"if today was not an endless highway
if tonight was not an crooked trail,
if tomorrow wasn't such a long time
then lonesome would mean nothing to me at all
yes and only if my own true love was waiting
if i could hear her heart softly pounding
if only she was lying by me
then i'd lie in my bed once again
i can't see my reflection in the water
i can't speak the sounds that show no pain
i can't hear the echo of my footsteps
i can't remember the sound of my own name
yes and only if my own true love was waiting
if i could hear her heart softly pounding
if only she was lying by me
then i'd lie in my bed once again
there's beauty in the silver singing river
there's beauty in the rainbow in the sky
but none of these and nothing else could match the beauty
that i remember in my true love's eyes
yes and only if my own true love was waiting
if i could hear her heart softly pounding
if only she was lying by me
then i'd lie in my bed once again
if today was not an endless highway
if tonight was not an endless trail
if tomorrow wasn't such a long time
then lonesome would mean nothing to me at all
yes and only if my own true love was waiting
if i could hear her heart softly pounding
if only she was lying by me
then i'd lie in my bed once again"
"tomorrow night, will you remember what you said to night ?
tomorrow night, will all the thrill be gone ?
tomorrow night, will it be just another memory
or just another song, that's in my heart to linger on ?
your lips are so tender, your heart is beating fast
and you willingly surrender to me, my darling will it last ?
tomorrow night, will you be with me when the moon is bright ?
tomorrow night, will you say those lovely things you said tonight ?
your lips are so tender, your heart is beating fast
and you willingly surrender to me, my darling will it last ?
tomorrow night, will you be with me when the moon is bright ?
tomorrow night, will you say those lovely things you said tonight ?"
"throw my ticket out the window,
throw my suitcase out there, too,
throw my troubles out the door,
i don't need them any more
'cause tonight i'll be staying here with you.
i should have left this town this morning
but it was more than i could do.
oh, your love comes on so strong
and i've waited all day long
for tonight when i'll be staying here with you.
is it really any wonder
the love that a stranger might receive.
you cast your spell and i went under,
i find it so difficult to leave.
i can hear that whistle blowin',
i see that stationmaster, too,
if there's a poor boy on the street,
then let him have my seat
'cause tonight i'll be staying here with you.
throw my ticket out the window,
throw my suitcase out there, too,
throw my troubles out the door,
i don't need them any more
'cause tonight i'll be staying here with you."
"well, wether there was a murder
i don't know i wasn't there
i was busy visiting a friend in jail
there were just two women on the scene at the time
neither one of 'em saw a thing
both of 'em were wearing veils
they said it was a natural situation
he reached too high and tumbled back to the ground
you know what they say
about being nice to people on your way up
you might meet 'em again on your way back down
but its too late to bring him back
too late, too late, too late
too late, too late, to bring him back
he had a brother named paul
hang out at the cafe royal
where miss dolly plays and the reviews have been mixed
well, he's pretty to look at
looking for someone to throw the book at
but you know that he drinks and drinks can be fixed
sing me one more song about your summer romance
i know you don't know motherless children
sing me the one about you and errol flynn
in these times of compassion
where conformity's a fashion
say one more stupid thing to me
before the final nail is driven in
but its too late to bring him back
too late, too late, too late
too late, too late, to bring him back
dr. silver spoon from the empress ballroom
he's a retired businessman
who feeds off everyone he's touched
he gives money to the church and foundations for research
he's not someone you can play around with to much
but then theres rosetta blake
who's been to both sides of the lake
she's rough to look at
but she's righteously fit
she'll feed you coconut bread and spiced buns in bed
you won't have to worry about sleeping
face down with your head in the plate
but its too late to bring him back
too late, too late, too late, too late, too late, to bring him back
you'll arrange to see your man tonight
who tells you some secret things you think might open some doors
how to enter the gates of paradise
no not really
more like how to go crazy
from carrying a burden that's never meant to be yours
from the stage they'll be doing the bumps and the grinds
a whore will pass the hat, collect a hundred grand and say thanks
they like to take all this money from sin
and big build universities to study in
and sing amazing grace all the way to the swiss bank
but its too late to bring him back
too late, too late, too late, too late, too late, to bring him back
they got some serious people out there man
they can ring your bell and show you how to hold your tongue
they don't come to party man
they kill babies in the crib and say only the good die young
they don't believe in mercy
and judgment on them is something you'll never see
they can put your face on a postage stamp
turn your home into a armed camp
anyway they want you
thats the way you'll be
but its too late to bring him back
too late, too late, too late, too late, too late, to bring him back
yes i loved him too
i still see him in my mind climbing up that hill
or was it a wall
i don't recall
it don't matter at all honey
and it never will
ain't nothin' left here partner
just the dust of fools that have left their mark in spades
from now on this will be where you're from
let the dead bury the dead
your time will come
feel that hot iron glowing now as your raise the shades
but its too late to bring him back
too late, too late, too late, too late, too late, to bring him back"
"now, too much of nothing
can make a man feel ill at ease.
one man's temper might rise
while another man's temper might freeze.
in the day of confession
we cannot mock a soul.
oh, when there's too much of nothing,
no one has control.
say hello to valerie
say hello to vivian
send them all my salary
on the waters of oblivion
too much of nothing
can make a man abuse a king.
he can walk the streets and boast like most
but he wouldn't know a thing.
now, it's all been done before,
it's all been written in the book,
but when there's too much of nothing,
nobody should look.
say hello to valerie
say hello to vivian
send them all my salary
on the waters of oblivion
too much of nothing
can turn a man into a liar,
it can cause one man to sleep on nails
and another man to eat fire.
ev'rybody's doin' somethin',
i heard it in a dream,
but when there's too much of nothing,
it just makes a fella mean.
say hello to valerie
say hello to vivian
send them all my salary
on the waters of oblivion"
"tough mama
meat shakin' on your bones
i'm gonna go down to the river and get some stones.
sister's on the highway with that steel drivin' crew,
papa's in the big house, his workin' days are through.
tough mama
can i blow a little smoke on you?
dark beauty
won't you move it on over and make some room?
it's my duty to bring you down to the field where the flowers bloom.
ashes in the furnace, dust on the rise,
you came through it all the way, flyin' through the skies.
dark beauty
with that long night's journey in your eyes.
sweet goddess
born of a blinding light and a changing wind,
now, don't be modest, you know who you are and where you've been.
jack the cowboy went up north
he's buried in your past.
the lone wolf went out drinking
that was over pretty fast.
sweet goddess
your perfect stranger's comin' in at last.
silver angel
with the badge of the lonesome road sewed in your sleeve,
i'd be grateful if this golden ring you would receive.
today on the countryside it was a hotter than a crotch,
i stood alone upon the ridge and all i did was watch.
sweet goddess
it must be time to carve another notch.
i'm crestfallen
the world of illusion is at my door,
i ain't a haulin' any of my lambs to the marketplace anymore.
the prison walls are crumblin', there is no end in sight,
i've gained some recognition but i lost my appetite.
dark beauty
meet me at the border late tonight."
"trouble in the city, trouble in the farm,
you got your rabbit's foot, you got your good luck charm.
but they can't help you none when there's trouble.
trouble,
trouble, trouble, trouble,
nothin' but trouble.
trouble in the water, trouble in the air,
go all the way to the other side of the world, you'll find trouble there.
revolution even ain't no solution for trouble.
trouble,
trouble, trouble, trouble,
nothin' but trouble.
drought and starvation, packaging of the soul,
persecution, execution, governments out of control.
you can see the writing on the wall inviting trouble.
trouble,
trouble, trouble, trouble,
nothin' but trouble.
put your ear to the train tracks, put your ear to the ground,
you ever feel like you're never alone even when there's nobody else around?
since the beginning of the universe man's been cursed by trouble.
trouble,
trouble, trouble, trouble,
nothin' but trouble.
nightclubs of the broken hearted, stadiums of the damned,
legislature, perverted nature, doors that are rudely slammed.
look into infinity, all you see is trouble.
trouble,
trouble, trouble, trouble,
nothin' but trouble."
"i'm getting weary looking in my baby's eyes
when she's near me she's so hard to recognize.
i finally realize there's no room for regret,
true love, true love, true love tends to forget.
hold me, baby be near,
you told me that you'd be sincere.
every day of the year's like playin' russian roulette,
true love, true love, true love tends to forget.
i was lyin' down in the reeds without any oxygen
i saw you in the wilderness among the men.
saw you drift into infinity and come back again
all you got to do is wait and i'll tell you when.
you're a tearjerker, baby, but i'm under your spell,
you're a hard worker, baby, and i know you well.
but this weekend in hell is making me sweat,
true love, true love, true love tends to forget,
true love, true love, true love tends to forget.
i was lyin' down in the reeds without any oxygen
i saw you in the wilderness among the men.
saw you drift into infinity and come back again
all you got to do is wait and i'll tell you when.
you belong to me, baby, without any doubt,
don't forsake me, baby, don't sell me out.
don't keep me knockin' about from mexico to tibet,
true love, true love, true love tends to forget."
"trust yourself,
trust yourself to do the things that only you know best.
trust yourself,
trust yourself to do what's right and not be second guessed.
don't trust me to show you beauty
when beauty may only turn to rust.
if you need somebody you can trust, trust yourself.
trust yourself,
trust yourself to know the way that will prove true in the end.
trust yourself,
trust yourself to find the path where there is no if and when.
don't trust me to show you the truth
when the truth may only be ashes and dust.
if you want somebody you can trust, trust yourself.
well, you're on your own, you always were,
in a land of wolves and thieves.
don't put your hope in ungodly man
or be a slave to what somebody else believes.
trust yourself
and you won't be disappointed when vain people let you down.
trust yourself
and look not for answers where no answers can be found.
don't trust me to show you love
when my love may be only lust.
if you want somebody you can trust, trust yourself."
"the air is getting hotter
there's a rumbling in the skies
i've been wading through the high muddy water
with the heat rising in my eyes
every day your memory grows dimmer
it doesn't haunt me like it did before
i've been walking through the middle of nowhere
trying to get to heaven before they close the door
when i was in missouri
they would not let me be
i had to leave there in a hurry
i only saw what they let me see
you broke a heart that loved you
now you can seal up the book and not write anymore
i've been walking that lonesome valley
trying to get to heaven before they close the door
people on the platforms
waiting for the trains
i can hear their hearts a beatin'
like pendulums swinging on chains
when you think that you lost everything
you find out you can always lose a little more
i'm just going down the road feeling bad
trying to get to heaven before they close the door
i'm going down the river
down to new orleans
they tell me everything is gonna be all right
but i don't know what ""all right"" even means
i was riding in a buggy with miss mary jane
miss mary jane got a house in baltimore
i been all around the world, boys
now i'm trying to get to heaven before they close the door
gonna sleep down in the parlor
and relive my dreams
i'll close my eyes and i wonder
if everything is as hollow as it seems
some trains don't pull no gamblers
no midnight ramblers, like they did before
i been to sugar town, i shook the sugar down
now i'm trying to get to heaven before they close the door"
"did ya read about the flood?
happened long time ago
in tupelo, mississippi
there were thousands o' lives
destroyed
it rained, it rained
both night and day
the poor people was worried
didn't have no place to go
could hear may people, cryin' ""lord, have mercy""
'cause you're the only one that we can turn to""
happened a long time ago
a little town
way back in mississippi
in tupelo
there was women, and there was children
they were screamin' an' cryin'
cryin', ""lord, have mercy
you're the only one now, that we can turn to""
way back down in mississippi, a little country town
i know ya read about it
'cause i'll never forget it
the mighty flood in tupelo, mississippi
been years ago
lord, have mercy
wasn't that a mighty time?
tupelo's gone"
"words and music by bob dylan
tweedle dum and tweedle dee
they're throwin' knives into the tree
two big bags of dead man's bones
got their noses to the grind stone
livin' in the land of nod
trustin' their fate to the hands of god
they pass by so silently
tweedle dum and tweedle dee
well, they're goin' to the country, they're goin' to retire
they're takin' a streetcar named desire
lookin' at a window with a pecan pie
lot of things they'd like they would never buy
neither of them want to turn and run
they're makin' a voyage to the sun
""his master's voice is calling me""
said tweedle dum to tweedle dee
tweedle dee and tweedle dum
i'll have more than some
they walk among the stately trees
they know the secrets of the police
tweedle dum said to tweedle dee,
""your presence is obnoxious to me.
feel like baby sittin' on a woman's knee.""
tweedle dum and tweedle dee
well, the rain beat'n' down on a window pane
i got love for you, and it's all in vain
brains in a pot, they're beginning to boil
they're drippin' with garlic and olive oil
tweedle dee is on his hands and his knees
sayin', ""throw me something, mister, please!""
""what's good for you is good for me,""
said tweedle dum to tweedle dee.
well, they're living in a happy harmony
tweedle dum and tweedle dee
they're one day older and a dollar short
they got a parade permit and a police escort
they're lyin' low and they're makin' hay
they seem determined to go all the way
they run a brick 'n' tile company
tweedle dum and tweedle dee
well, a childish dream is a deathless need
and a noble truth is a sacred creed
my pretty baby, she's looking around
she's wearin' a forty thousand dollar gown
tweedle dee is a low down sorry old man
tweedle dum he'll stab you where you stand
""i've had too much of your company,""
said tweedle dum to tweedle dee."
"he was just a blue eyed boston boy,
his voice was low with pain.
""i'll do your bidding, comrade mine,
if i ride back again.
but if you ride back and i am left,
you'll do as much for me,
mother, you know, must hear the news,
so write to her tenderly.
""she's waiting at home like a patient saint,
her fond face pale with woe.
her heart will be broken when i am gone,
i'll see her soon, i know.""
just then the order came to charge,
for an instance hand touched hand.
they said, ""aye,"" and away they rode,
that brave and devoted band.
straight was the track to the top of the hill,
the rebels they shot and shelled,
plowed furrows of death through the toiling ranks,
and guarded them as they fell.
there soon came a horrible dying yell
from heights that they could not gain,
and those whom doom and death had spared
rode slowly back again.
but among the dead that were left on the hill
was the boy with the curly hair.
the tall dark man who rode by his side
lay dead beside him there.
there's no one to write to the blue eyed girl
the words that her lover had said.
momma, you know, awaits the news,
and she'll only know he's dead."
"the woman that i love she got a hook in her nose
her eyebrows meet, she wears second hand clothes
she speaks with a stutter and she walks with a hop
i don't know why i love her but i just can't stop
you know i love her
yeah i love her
i'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world
if i ever lose her i will go insane
i go half crazy when she calls my name
when she says babababababy i l l love you
there ain't nothing in the world that i wouldn't do
you know i love her
yeah i love her
i'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world
the woman that i love she got two flat feet
her knees knock together walking down the street
she cracks her knuckles and she snores in bed
she ain't much to look at but like i said
you know i love her
yeah i love her
i'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world
i don't mean to say that she got nothing goin'
she got a weird sense of humor that's all her own
when i get low she sets me on my feet
got a five inch smile but her breath is sweet
you know i love her
yeah i love her
i'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world
the woman that i love she a got a prizefighter nose
cauliflower ears and a run in her hose
she speaks with a stutter and she walks with a hop
i don't know why i love her but i just can't stop"
"it's unbelievable, it's strange but true,
it's inconceivable it could happen to you.
you go north and you go south
just like bait in the fish's mouth.
ya must be livin' in the shadow of some kind of evil star.
it's unbelievable it would get this far.
it's undeniable what they'd have you to think,
it's indescribable it can drive you to drink.
they said it was the land of milk and honey,
now they say it's the land of money.
who ever thought they could ever make that stick.
it's unbelievable you can get this quick.
bridge #1:
every head is so dignified, every moon is so sanctified,
every urge is so satisfied as long as you're with me.
all the silver, all the gold, all the sweethearts you can hold
that don't come back with stories untold, are hanging on a tree.
it's unbelievable like a lead balloon,
it's so impossible to even learn the tune.
kill that beast and feed that swine,
scale that wall and smoke that vine,
feed that horse and saddle up the drum.
it's unbelievable, the day would finally come.
bridge #2:
once there was a man who had no eyes,
every lady in the land told him lies,
he stood beneath the silver skies
and his heart began to bleed.
every brain is civilized,
every nerve is analyzed,
everything is criticized when you are in need.
it's unbelievable, it's fancy free,
so interchangeable, so delightful to see.
turn your back, wash your hands,
there's always someone who understands
it don't matter no more what you got to say
it's unbelievable it would go down this way."
"there was a little boy and there was a little girl
and they lived in an alley under the red sky.
there was a little boy and there was a little girl
and they lived in an alley under the red sky.
there was an old man and he lived in the moon,
one summer's day he came passing by.
there was an old man and he lived in the moon,
and one day he came passing by.
bridge #1:
someday little girl, everything for you is gonna be new
someday little girl you'll have a diamond as big as your shoe
let the wind blow low, let the wind blow high.
one day the little boy and the little girl were both baked in a pie.
let the wind blow low, let the wind blow high.
one day the little boy and the little girl were both baked in a pie.
bridge #2:
this is the key to the kingdom and this is the town
this is the blind horse that leads you around
let the bird sing, let the bird fly,
one day the man in the moon went home and the river went dry.
let the bird sing, let the bird fly,
the man in the moon went home and the river went dry."
"something about you that i can't shake,
don't know how much of this i can take,
baby i'm under your spell.
i was knocked out and loaded in the naked night.
when my last dream exploded, i noticed your light.
baby, oh what a story i could tell.
it's been nice seeing you, you read me like a book
if you ever want to reach me, you know where to look.
baby, i'll be at the same hotel.
i'd like to help you but i'm in a bit of a jam,
i'll call you tomorrow if there's phones where i am.
baby, caught between heaven and hell.
but i will be back, i will survive,
you'll never get rid of me as long as you're alive.
baby, can't you tell.
well it's four in the morning by the sound of the birds,
i'm starin' at your picture, i'm hearin' your words.
baby, they ring in my head like a bell.
everywhere you go it's enough to break hearts
someone always gets hurt, a fire always starts.
you were too hot to handle, you were breaking every vow.
i trusted you, baby, you can trust me now.
turn back, baby, wipe your eye,
don't think i 'm leaving you here without a kiss goodbye.
baby, is there anything left to tell?
i'll see you later when i'm not so out of my head,
maybe next time i'll let the dead bury the dead.
baby, what more can i tell?
well the desert is hot, the mountain is cursed,
pray that i don't die of thirst,
baby, two feet from the well."
"well, my shoes, they come from singapore,
my flashlight's from taiwan,
my tablecloth's from malaysia,
my belt buckle's from the amazon.
you know, this shirt i wear comes from the philippines
and the car i drive is a chevrolet,
it was put together down in argentina
by a guy makin' thirty cents a day.
well, it's sundown on the union
and what's made in the u.s.a.
sure was a good idea
'til greed got in the way.
well, this silk dress is from hong kong
and the pearls are from japan.
well, the dog collar's from india
and the flower pot's from pakistan.
all the furniture, it says ""made in brazil""
where a woman, she slaved for sure
bringin' home thirty cents a day to a family of twelve,
you know, that's a lot of money to her.
well, it's sundown on the union
and what's made in the u.s.a.
sure was a good idea
'til greed got in the way.
well, you know, lots of people complainin' that there is no work.
i say, ""why you say that for
when nothin' you got is u.s. made?""
they don't make nothin' here no more,
you know, capitalism is above the law.
it say, ""it don't count 'less it sells.""
when it costs too much to build it at home
you just build it cheaper someplace else.
well, it's sundown on the union
and what's made in the u.s.a.
sure was a good idea
'til greed got in the way.
well, the job that you used to have,
they gave it to somebody down in el salvador.
the unions are big business, friend,
and they're goin' out like a dinosaur.
they used to grow food in kansas
now they want to grow it on the moon and eat it raw.
i can see the day coming when even your home garden
is gonna be against the law.
well, it's sundown on the union
and what's made in the u.s.a.
sure was a good idea
'til greed got in the way.
democracy don't rule the world,
you'd better get that in your head.
this world is ruled by violence
but i guess that's better left unsaid.
from broadway to the milky way,
that's a lot of territory indeed
and a man's gonna do what he has to do
when he's got a hungry mouth to feed.
well, it's sundown on the union
and what's made in the u.s.a.
sure was a good idea
'til greed got in the way"
"everything went from bad to worse, money never changed a thing,
death kept followin', trackin' us down, at least i heard your bluebird sing.
now somebody's got to show their hand, time is an enemy,
i know you're long gone,
i guess it must be up to me.
if i'd thought about it i never would've done it, i guess i would've let it slide,
if i'd lived my life by what others were thinkin', the heart inside me would've died.
i was just too stubborn to ever be governed by enforced insanity,
someone had to reach for the risin' star,
i guess it was up to me.
oh, the union central is pullin' out and the orchids are in bloom,
i've only got me one good shirt left and it smells of stale perfume.
in fourteen months i've only smiled once and i didn't do it consciously,
somebody's got to find your trail,
i guess it must be up to me.
it was like a revelation when you betrayed me with your touch,
i'd just about convinced myself that nothin' had changed that much.
the old rounder in the iron mask slipped me the master key,
somebody had to unlock your heart,
he said it was up to me.
well, i watched you slowly disappear down into the officers' club,
i would've followed you in the door but i didn't have a ticket stub.
so i waited all night 'til the break of day, hopin' one of us could get free,
when the dawn came over the river bridge,
i knew it was up to me.
oh, the only decent thing i did when i worked as a postal clerk
was to haul your picture down off the wall near the cage where i used to work.
was i a fool or not to try to protect your identity?
you looked a little burned out, my friend,
i thought it might be up to me.
well, i met somebody face to face and i had to remove my hat,
she's everything i need and love but i can't be swayed by that.
it frightens me, the awful truth of how sweet life can be,
but she ain't a gonna make me move,
i guess it must be up to me.
we heard the sermon on the mount and i knew it was too complex,
it didn't amount to anything more than what the broken glass reflects.
when you bite off more than you can chew you pay the penalty,
somebody's got to tell the tale,
i guess it must be up to me.
well, dupree came in pimpin' tonight to the thunderbird cafe,
crystal wanted to talk to him, i had to look the other way.
well, i just can't rest without you, love, i need your company,
but you ain't a gonna cross the line,
i guess it must be up to me.
there's a note left in the bottle, you can give it to estelle,
she's the one you been wond'rin' about, but there's really nothin' much to tell.
we both heard voices for a while, now the rest is history,
somebody's got to cry some tears,
i guess it must be up to me.
so go on, boys, and play your hands, life is a pantomime,
the ringleaders from the county seat say you don't have all that much time.
and the girl with me behind the shades, she ain't my property,
one of us has got to hit the road,
i guess it must be up to me.
and if we never meet again, baby, remember me,
how my lone guitar played sweet for you that old time melody.
and the harmonica around my neck, i blew it for you, free,
no one else could play that tune,
you know it was up to me."
"ain't it just like the night to play tricks
when you're tryin' to be so quiet?
we sit here stranded,
though we're all doin' our best to deny it
and louise holds a handful of rain,
temptin' you to defy it
lights flicker from the opposite loft
in this room the heat pipes just cough
the country music station plays soft
but there's nothing, really nothing to turn off
just louise and her lover so entwined
and these visions of johanna that conquer my mind
in the empty lot
where the ladies play blindman's bluff
with the key chain
and the all night girls
they whisper of escapades out on the train
we can hear the night watchman click his flashlight
ask himself if it's him or them that's really insane
louise, she's all right, she's just near
she's delicate and seems like the mirror
but she just makes it all too concise and too clear
that johanna's not here
the ghost of 'lectricity howls in the bones of her face
where these visions of johanna
have now taken my place
now, little boy lost, he takes himself so seriously
he brags of his misery,
he likes to live dangerously
and when bringing her name up
he speaks of a farewell kiss to me
he's sure got a lotta gall to be so useless and all
muttering small talk at the wall
while i'm in the hall
how can i explain?
oh, it's so hard to get on
and these visions of johanna,
they kept me up past the dawn
inside the museums, infinity goes up on trial
voices echo this is what salvation
must be like after a while
but mona lisa musta had the highway blues
you can tell by the way she smiles
see the primitive wallflower freeze
when the jelly faced women all sneeze
hear the one with the mustache say,
""jeeze i can't find my knees""
oh, jewels and binoculars
hang from the head of the mule
but these visions of johanna,
they make it all seem so cruel
the peddler now speaks to the countess
who's pretending to care for him
sayin', ""name me someone that's not a parasite
and i'll go out and say a prayer for him""
but like louise always says
""ya can't look at much, can ya man?""
as she, herself, prepares for him
and madonna, she still has not showed
we see this empty cage now corrode
where her cape of the stage once had flowed
the fiddler, he now steps to the road
he writes ev'rything's been returned which was owed
on the back of the fish truck that loads
while my conscience explodes
the harmonicas play the skeleton keys and the rain
and these visions of johanna
are now all that remain"
"wade in the water
wade in the water, children
wade in the water
god's a gonna trouble the water
god's a gonna trouble the water.
well, who are these children all dressed in red?
god's a gonna trouble the water
must a be the children that moses lead
god's a gonna trouble the water.
wade in the water
wade in the water, children
wade in the water
god's a gonna trouble the water
god's a gonna trouble the water.
well out of the mountain come fire an' smoke
god's a gonna trouble the water
jehovah nobody be he could've spoke
god's a gonna trouble the water.
wade in the water
wade in the water, children
wade in the water
god's a gonna trouble the water
god's a gonna trouble the water.
well, i'm walkin' down the highway an' the water's gettin' low
god's a gonna trouble the water.
walkin' down the highway, nowhere to go
god's a gonna trouble the water.
but it's wade in the water
wade in the water, children
wade in the water
god's a gonna trouble the water
god's a gonna trouble the water.
god's a gonna trouble the water."
"walk out if it doesn't feel right,
i can tell you're only lying.
if you got something better tonight,
don't mess up my mind with your crying.
walk out in the rain,
walk out with your dreams,
walk out of my life
if it doesn't feel right
and catch the next train.
oh, darling, walk out in the rain.
i have come from so far away
just to put a ring on your finger.
you've said all that you've got to say,
so please don't feel the need to linger.
walk out in the rain,
walk out with your dreams,
walk out of my life
if it doesn't feel right
and catch the next train.
oh, darling, walk out in the rain.
it's rainin' inside of the city,
my poor feet have walked 'til they're sore.
if you don't want my love, it's a pity,
i guess i can't see you no more.
walk out in the rain,
walk out with your dreams,
walk out of my life
if it doesn't feel right
and catch the next train.
oh, darling, walk out in the rain."
"well, i'm walkin' down the line,
i'm walkin' down the line
an' i'm walkin' down the line.
my feet'll be a flyin'
to tell about my troubled mind.
i got a heavy headed gal
i got a heavy headed gal
i got a heavy headed gal
she ain't feelin' well
when she's better only time will tell
well, i'm walkin' down the line,
i'm walkin' down the line
an' i'm walkin' down the line.
my feet'll be a flyin'
to tell about my troubled mind.
my money comes and goes
my money comes and goes
my money comes and goes
and rolls and flows and rolls and flows
through the holes in the pockets in my clothes
well, i'm walkin' down the line,
i'm walkin' down the line
an' i'm walkin' down the line.
my feet'll be a flyin'
to tell about my troubled mind.
i see the morning light
i see the morning light
well it's not because
i'm an early riser
i didn't go to sleep last night
well, i'm walkin' down the line,
i'm walkin' down the line
an' i'm walkin' down the line.
my feet'll be a flyin'
to tell about my troubled mind.
i got my walkin' shoes
i got my walkin' shoes
i got my walkin' shoes
an' i ain't a gonna lose
i believe i got the walkin' blues
well, i'm walkin' down the line,
i'm walkin' down the line
an' i'm walkin' down the line.
my feet'll be a flyin'
to tell about my troubled mind."
"wallflower, wallflower
won't you dance with me?
i'm sad and lonely too.
wallflower, wallflower
won't you dance with me?
i'm fallin' in love with you.
just like you i'm wondrin' what i'm doin' here.
just like you i'm wondrin' what's goin' on.
wallflower, wallflower
won't you dance with me?
the night will soon be gone.
i have seen you standing in the smoky haze
and i know that you're gonna be mine one of these days,
mine alone.
wallflower, wallflower
take a chance on me.
please let me ride you home."
"oh, the age of the inmates
i remember quite freely:
no younger than twelve,
no older 'n seventeen.
thrown in like bandits
and cast off like criminals,
inside the walls,
the walls of red wing.
from the dirty old mess hall
you march to the brick wall,
too weary to talk
and too tired to sing.
oh, it's all afternoon
you remember your home town,
inside the walls,
the walls of red wing.
oh, the gates are cast iron
and the walls are barbed wire.
stay far from the fence
with the 'lectricity sting.
and it's keep down your head
and stay in your number,
inside the walls,
the walls of red wing.
oh, it's fare thee well
to the deep hollow dungeon,
farewell to the boardwalk
that takes you to the screen.
and farewell to the minutes
they threaten you with it,
inside the walls,
the walls of red wing.
it's many a guard
that stands around smilin',
holdin' his club
like he was a king.
hopin' to get you
behind a wood pilin',
inside the walls,
the walls of red wing.
the night aimed shadows
through the crossbar windows,
and the wind punched hard
to make the wall siding sing.
it's many a night i pretended to be a sleepin',
inside the walls,
the walls of red wing.
as the rain rattled heavy
on the bunk house shingles,
and the sounds in the night,
they made my ears ring.
'til the keys of the guards
clicked the tune of the morning,
inside the walls,
the walls of red wing.
oh, some of us'll end up
in st. cloud prison,
and some of us'll wind up
to be lawyers and things,
and some of us'll stand up
to meet you on your crossroads,
from inside the walls,
the walls of red wing."
"someday you'll find
that the world's left you out
no true love, no nothing
just roaming about
parties and people
and a cold heart within
and each time you're dancing
you're waltzing with sin
you're satan made over
in perfect disguise
unfaithful, unworthy
and oh so unwise
i pity the heart
of the next guy you win
like me you'll be losing
while waltzing with sin
let's try it again
some day you'll find
that the world's left you out
no true love, no nothing
just roaming about
well, parties and people
and a cold heart within
and each time you're dancing
you're waltzing with sin
you're satan made over
in perfect disguise
unfaithful, unworthy
and oh so unwise
i pity the heart
of the next guy you win
like me you'll be losing
while waltzing with sin"
"wanted man in california, wanted man in buffalo,
wanted man in kansas city, wanted man in ohio,
wanted man in mississippi, wanted man in old cheyenne,
wherever you might look tonight, you might see this wanted man.
i might be in colorado or georgia by the sea,
working for some man who may not know at all who i might be.
if you ever see me comin' and if you know who i am,
don't you breathe it to nobody 'cause you know i'm on the lam.
wanted man by lucy watson, wanted man by jeannie brown,
wanted man by nellie johnson, wanted man in this next town.
but i've had all that i've wanted of a lot of things i had
and a lot more than i needed of some things that turned out bad.
i got sidetracked in el paso, stopped to get myself a map
went the wrong way into juarez with juanita on my lap.
then i went to sleep in shreveport, woke up in abilene
wonderin' why the hell i'm wanted at some town halfway between.
wanted man in albuquerque, wanted man in syracuse,
wanted man in tallahassee, wanted man in baton rouge,
there's somebody set to grab me anywhere that i might be
and wherever you might look tonight, you might get a glimpse of me.
wanted man in california, wanted man in buffalo,
wanted man in kansas city, wanted man in ohio,
wanted man in mississippi, wanted man in old cheyenne,
wherever you might look tonight, you might see this wanted man."
"what's the matter with me,
i don't have much to say,
daylight sneakin' through the window
and i'm still in this all night cafe.
walkin' to and fro beneath the moon
out to where the trucks are rollin' slow,
to sit down on this bank of sand
and watch the river flow.
wish i was back in the city
instead of this old bank of sand,
with the sun beating down over the chimney tops
and the one i love so close at hand.
if i had wings and i could fly,
i know where i would go.
but right now i'll just sit here so contentedly
and watch the river flow.
people disagreeing on all just about everything, yeah,
makes you stop and all wonder why.
why only yesterday i saw somebody on the street
who just couldn't help but cry.
oh, this ol' river keeps on rollin', though,
no matter what gets in the way and which way the wind does blow,
and as long as it does i'll just sit here
and watch the river flow.
people disagreeing everywhere you look,
makes you wanna stop and read a book.
why only yesterday i saw somebody on the street
that was really shook.
but this ol' river keeps on rollin', though,
no matter what gets in the way and which way the wind does blow,
and as long as it does i'll just sit here
and watch the river flow.
watch the river flow,
watchin' the river flow,
watchin' the river flow,
but i'll sit down on this bank of sand
and watch the river flow."
"love that's pure hopes all things,
believes all things, won't pull no strings,
won't sneak up into your room, tall, dark and handsome,
capture your heart and hold it for ransom.
you don't want a love that's pure
you wanna drown love
you want a watered down love
love that's pure, it don't make no claims,
intercedes for you 'stead of casting you blame,
will not deceive you or lead you to transgression,
won't write it up and make you sign a false confession.
you don't want a love that's pure
you wanna drown love
you want a watered down love
love that's pure won't lead you astray,
won't hold you back, won't mess up your day,
won't pervert you, corrupt you with stupid wishes,
it don't make you envious, it don't make you suspicious.
you don't want a love that's pure
you wanna drown love
you want a watered down love
love that's pure ain't no accident,
always on time, is always content,
an eternal flame, quietly burning,
never needs to be proud, restlessly yearning.
you don't want a love that's pure
you wanna drown love
you want a watered down love"
"i think we better talk this over
maybe when we both get sober
you'll understand i'm only a man
doin' the best that i can.
this situation can only get rougher.
why should we needlessly suffer?
let's call it a day, go our own different ways
before we decay.
you don't have to be afraid of looking into my face,
we've done nothing to each other time will not erase.
i feel displaced, i got a low down feeling
you been two faced, you been double dealing.
i took a chance, got caught in the trance
of a downhill dance.
oh, child, why you wanna hurt me?
i'm exiled, you can't convert me.
i'm lost in the haze of your delicate ways
with both eyes glazed.
you don't have to yearn for love, you don't have to be alone,
somewheres in this universe there's a place that you can call home.
i guess i'll be leaving tomorrow
if i have to beg, steal or borrow.
it'd be great to cross paths in a day and a half
look at each other and laugh.
but i don't think it's liable to happen
like the sound of one hand clappin'.
the vows that we kept are now broken and swept
'neath the bed where we slept.
don't think of me and fantasize on what we never had,
be grateful for what we've shared together and be glad.
why should we go on watching each other through a telescope?
eventually we'll hang ourselves on all this tangled rope.
oh, babe, time for a new transition
i wish i was a magician.
i would wave a wand and tie back the bond
that we've both gone beyond."
"i love you more than ever, more than time and more than love,
i love you more than money and more than the stars above,
love you more than madness, more than waves upon the sea,
love you more than life itself, you mean that much to me.
ever since you walked right in, the circle's been complete,
i've said goodbye to haunted rooms and faces in the street,
to the courtyard of the jester which is hidden from the sun,
i love you more than ever and i haven't yet begun.
you breathed on me and made my life a richer one to live,
when i was deep in poverty you taught me how to give,
dried the tears up from my dreams and pulled me from the hole,
quenched my thirst and satisfied the burning in my soul.
you gave me babies one, two, three, what is more, you saved my life,
eye for eye and tooth for tooth, your love cuts like a knife,
my thoughts of you don't ever rest, they'd kill me if i lie,
i'd sacrifice the world for you and watch my senses die.
the tune that is yours and mine to play upon this earth,
we'll play it out the best we know, whatever it is worth,
what's lost is lost, we can't regain what went down in the flood,
but happiness to me is you and i love you more than blood.
it's never been my duty to remake the world at large,
nor is it my intention to sound a battle charge,
'cause i love you more than all of that with a love that doesn't bend,
and if there is eternity i'd love you there again.
oh, can't you see that you were born to stand by my side
and i was born to be with you, you were born to be my bride,
you're the other half of what i am, you're the missing piece
and i love you more than ever with that love that doesn't cease.
you turn the tide on me each day and teach my eyes to see,
just bein' next to you is a natural thing for me
and i could never let you go, no matter what goes on,
'cause i love you more than ever now that the past is gone."
"went to see the gypsy
stayin' in a big hotel
he smiled when he saw me coming
and he said, ""well, well, well""
his room was dark and crowded
lights were low and dim
""how are you?"" he said to me
i said it back to him
i went down to the lobby
to make a small call out
a pretty dancing girl was there
and she began to shout
""go on back to see the gypsy
he can move you from the rear
drive you from your fear
bring you through the mirror
he did it in las vegas
and he can do it here""
outside the lights were shining
on the river of tears
i watched them from the distance
with music in my ears
i went back to see the gypsy
it was nearly early dawn
the gypsy's door was open wide
but the gypsy was gone
and that pretty dancing girl
she could not be found
so i watched that sun come rising
from that little minnesota town"
"you have given everything to me.
what can i do for you?
you have given me eyes to see.
what can i do for you?
pulled me out of bondage and
you made me renewed inside,
filled up a hunger that had always been denied,
opened up a door no man can shut and
you opened it up so wide
and you've chosen me to be among the few.
what can i do for you?
you have laid down your life for me.
what can i do for you?
you have explained every mystery.
what can i do for you?
soon as a man is born, you know the sparks begin to fly,
he gets wise in his own eyes and he's made to believe a lie.
who would deliver him from the death he's bound to
die?
well, you've done it all and there's no more anyone can pretend to do.
what can i do for you?
you have given all there is to give.
what can i do for you?
you have given me life to live.
how can i live for you?
i know all about poison, i know all about fiery darts,
i don't care how rough the road is, show me where it starts,
whatever pleases you, tell it to my heart.
well, i don't deserve it but i sure did make it
through.
what can i do for you?"
"what good am i if i'm like all the rest,
if i just turned away, when i see how you're dressed,
if i shut myself off so i can't hear you cry,
what good am i?
what good am i if i know and don't do,
if i see and don't say, if i look right through you,
if i turn a deaf ear to the thunderin' sky,
what good am i?
what good am i while you softly weep
and i hear in my head what you say in your sleep,
and i freeze in the moment like the rest who don't try,
what good am i?
what good am i then to others and me
if i've had every chance and yet still fail to see
bridge: if my hands tied must i not wonder within
who tied them and why and where must i have been
what good am i if i say foolish things
and i laugh in the face of what sorrow brings
and i just turn my back while you silently die,
what good am i?"
"what was it you wanted?
tell me again so i'll know.
what's happening in there,
what's going on in your show.
what was it you wanted,
could you say it again?
i'll be back in a minute
you can get it together by then.
what was it you wanted
you can tell me, i'm back,
we can start it all over
get it back on the track,
you got my attention,
go ahead, speak.
what was it you wanted
when you were kissing my cheek?
was there somebody looking
when you give me that kiss
someone there in the shadows
someone that i might have missed?
is there something you needed,
something i don't understand.
what was it you wanted,
do i have it here in my hand?
whatever you wanted
slipped out of my mind,
would you remind me again
if you'd be so kind.
has the record been breaking,
did the needle just skip,
is there somebody waitin',
was there a slip of the lip?
what was it you wanted
i ain't keepin' score
are you the same person
that was here before?
is it something important?
maybe not.
what was it you wanted?
tell me again i forgot.
whatever you wanted
what could it be
did somebody tell you
that you could get it from me,
is it something that comes natural
is it easy to say,
why do you want it,
who are you anyway?
is the scenery changing,
am i getting it wrong,
is the whole thing going backwards,
are they playing our song?
where were you when it started
do you want it for free
what was it you wanted
are you talking to me?"
"what'll i do?
when you are far away
and i am blue
what'll i do?
what'll i do?
when i am wond'ring who
is kissing you
what'll i do?
what'll i do with just a photograph
to tell my troubles to?
when i'm alone
with only dreams of you
that won't come true
what'll i do?
what'll i do with just a photograph
to tell my troubles to?
when i'm alone
with only dreams of you
that won't come true
what'll i do?"
"gone is the romance that was so divine
tis broken and cannot be mended
you must go your way and i must go mine
but now that our love dreams have ended
what'll i do
when you are far away
and i am blue
what'll i do?
what'll i do?
when i am wondering who
is kissing you
what'll i do?
what'll i do
with just a photograph
to tell my troubles to?
when i'm alone
with only dreams of you
that won't come true
what'll i do?
what'll i do
with just a photograph
to tell my troubles to?
when i'm alone
with only dreams of you
that won't come true
what'll i do?"
"tell me what you're gonna do
when the shadow comes under your door.
tell me what you're gonna do
when the shadow comes under your door.
tell me what you're gonna do
when the shadow comes under your door.
o lord, o lord,
what shall you do?
tell me what you're gonna do
when the devil calls your cards.
tell me what you're gonna do
when the devil calls your cards.
tell me what you're gonna do
when the devil calls your cards.
o lord, o lord,
what shall you do?
tell me what you're gonna do
when your water turns to wine.
tell me what you're gonna do
when your water turns to wine.
tell me what you're gonna do
when your water turns to wine.
o lord, o lord,
what should you do?
tell me what you're gonna do
when you can't play god no more.
tell me what you're gonna do
when you can't play god no more.
tell me what you're gonna do
when you can't play god no more.
o lord, o lord,
what shall you do?
tell me what you're gonna do
when the shadow comes creepin' in your room.
tell me what you're gonna do
when the shadow comes creepin' in your room.
tell me what you're gonna do
when the shadow comes creepin' in your room.
o lord, o lord,
what should you do?"
"when did you leave heaven ?
how could they let you go ?
how's every thing in heaven ?
i'd like to know.
why did you trade heaven ?
for all these earthly things ?
where on earth did you hide your halo ?
where did you lose your wings ?
have they missed you ?
can you get back in ?
if i kiss you would it be a sin ?
i am only human
but you are so divine.
when did you leave heaven
angel mine ?"
"the iron hand it ain't no match for the iron rod,
the strongest wall will crumble and fall to a mighty god.
for all those who have eyes and all those who have ears
it is only he who can reduce me to tears.
don't you cry and don't you die and don't you burn
for like a thief in the night, he'll replace wrong with right
when he returns.
truth is an arrow and the gate is narrow that it passes through,
he unleashed his power at an unknown hour that no one knew.
how long can i listen to the lies of prejudice?
how long can i stay drunk on fear out in the wilderness?
can i cast it aside, all this loyalty and this pride?
will i ever learn that there'll be no peace, that the war won't cease
until he returns?
surrender your crown on this blood stained ground, take off your mask,
he sees your deeds, he knows your needs even before you ask.
how long can you falsify and deny what is real?
how long can you hate yourself for the weakness you conceal?
of every earthly plan that be known to man, he is unconcerned,
he's got plans of his own to set up his throne
when he returns."
"oh, the streets of rome are filled with rubble,
ancient footprints are everywhere.
you can almost think that you're seein' double
on a cold, dark night on the spanish stairs.
got to hurry on back to my hotel room,
where i've got me a date with botticelli's niece.
she promised that she'd be right there with me
when i paint my masterpiece.
oh, the hours i've spent inside the coliseum,
dodging lions and wastin' time.
oh, those mighty kings of the jungle, i could hardly stand to see 'em,
yes, it sure has been a long, hard climb.
train wheels runnin' through the back of my memory,
when i ran on the hilltop following a pack of wild geese.
someday, everything is gonna be smooth like a rhapsody
when i paint my masterpiece.
sailin' 'round the world in a dirty gondola.
oh, to be back in the land of coca cola!
i left rome and landed in brussels,
on a plane ride so bumpy that i almost cried.
clergymen in uniform and young girls pullin' muscles,
everyone was there to greet me when i stepped inside.
newspapermen eating candy
had to be held down by big police.
someday, everything is gonna be diff'rent
when i paint my masterpiece."
"in the still of the night, in the world's ancient light
where wisdom grows up in strife
my bewildered brain, toils in vain
through the darkness on the pathways of life
each invisible prayer is like a cloud in the air
tomorrow keeps turning around
we live and we die, we know not why
but i'll be with you when the deal goes down
we eat and we drink, we feel and we think
far down the street we stray
i laugh and i cry and i'm haunted by
things i never meant nor wished to say
the midnight rain follows the train
we all wear the same thorny crown
soul to soul, our shadows roll
and i'll be with you when the deal goes down
well, the moon gives light and it shines by night
when i scarcely feel the glow
we learn to live and then we forgive
o'r the road we're bound to go
more frailer than the flowers, these precious hours
that keep us so tightly bound
you come to my eyes like a vision from the skies
and i'll be with you when the deal goes down
well, i picked up a rose and it poked through my clothes
i followed the winding stream
i heard the deafening noise, i felt transient joys
i know they're not what they seem
in this earthly domain, full of disappointment and pain
you'll never see me frown
i owe my heart to you, and that's sayin' it true
and i'll be with you when the deal goes down"
"look out across the fields, see me returning,
smoke is in your eye, you draw a smile.
from the fireplace where my letters to you are burning,
you've had time to think about it for a while.
well, i've walked two hundred miles, now look me over,
it's the end of the chase and the moon is high.
it won't matter who loves who,
you'll love me or i'll love you
when the night comes falling from the sky.
i can see through your walls and i know you're hurting,
sorrow covers you up like a cape.
only yesterday i know that you've been flirting
with disaster that you managed to escape.
i can't provide for you no easy answers,
who are you that i should have to lie?
you'll know all about it, love,
it'll fit you like a glove
when the night comes falling from the sky.
i can hear your trembling heart beat like a river,
you must have been protecting someone last time i called.
i've never asked you for nothing you couldn't deliver,
i've never asked you to set yourself up for a fall.
i saw thousands who could have overcome the darkness,
for the love of a lousy buck, i've watched them die.
stick around, baby, we're not through,
don't look for me, i'll see you
when the night comes falling from the sky.
in your teardrops, i can see my own reflection,
it was on the northern border of texas where i crossed the line.
i don't want to be a fool starving for affection,
i don't want to drown in someone else's wine.
for all eternity i think i will remember
that icy wind that's howling in your eye.
you will seek me and you'll find me in the wasteland of your mind
when the night comes falling from the sky.
well, i sent you my feelings in a letter
but you were gambling for support.
this time tomorrow i'll know you better
when my memory is not so short.
this time i'm asking for freedom,
freedom from a world which you deny.
and you'll give it to me now,
i'll take it anyhow
when the night comes falling from the sky."
"oh the time will come up
when the winds will stop
and the breeze will cease to be breathin'.
like the stillness in the wind
'fore the hurricane begins,
the hour when the ship comes in.
oh the seas will split
and the ship will hit
and the sands on the shoreline will be shaking.
then the tide will sound
and the wind will pound
and the morning will be breaking.
oh the fishes will laugh
as they swim out of the path
and the seagulls they'll be smiling.
and the rocks on the sand
will proudly stand,
the hour that the ship comes in.
and the words that are used
for to get the ship confused
will not be understood as they're spoken.
for the chains of the sea
will have busted in the night
and will be buried at the bottom of the ocean.
a song will lift
as the mainsail shifts
and the boat drifts on to the shoreline.
and the sun will respect
every face on the deck,
the hour that the ship comes in.
then the sands will roll
out a carpet of gold
for your weary toes to be a touchin'.
and the ship's wise men
will remind you once again
that the whole wide world is watchin'.
oh the foes will rise
with the sleep still in their eyes
and they'll jerk from their beds and think they're dreamin'.
but they'll pinch themselves and squeal
and know that it's for real,
the hour when the ship comes in.
then they'll raise their hands,
sayin' we'll meet all your demands,
but we'll shout from the bow your days are numbered.
and like pharaoh's tribe,
they'll be drownded in the tide,
and like goliath, they'll be conquered."
"ollie told me i'm a fool. so i
walked on down the road a mile, went to the house that brings a smile
sat upon my grandpa's knee, and what do you think he said to me?
when you awake you will remember ev'rything, you will be
hangin' on a string from your... when you believe, you will relieve the only
soul
that you were born with to grow old and never know
ollie showed me the fork in the road.
you can take to the left or go straight to the right,
use your days and save your nights,
be careful where you step, and watch wha cha eat,
sleep with the light on and you got it beat.
ollie warned me it's a mean old world,
the street don't greet ya, yes, it's true;
but what am i supposed to do:
read the writing on the wall,
i heard itwhen i was very small.
wash my hand in lye water, i got a date with the
captains daughter. you can go and tell your brother. we sure gonna
love one another, oh! you
may be right and ya might be wrong, i ain't gonna worry all day long.
snow's gonna come and the frost gonna bite, my old car froze
up last night. ain't no reason to hang your head i could wake up in the
mornin' dead. oh! and
if i thought it would do any good, i'd stand on the rock where moses stood."
"there's a long distance train rolling through the rain, tears on the letter i write.
there's a woman i long to touch and i miss her so much but she's drifting like a
satellite. there's a neon light ablaze in this green smoky haze, laughter down on
elizabeth street
and a lonesome bell tone in that valley of stone where she bathed in a stream of pure
heat. her father would emphasize you got to be more than street wise but he practiced
what he preached from the heart.
a full blooded cherokee, he predicted to me the time and the place that
the trouble would start.
there's a babe in the arms of a woman in a rage
and a longtime golden haired stripper onstage
and she winds back the clock and she turns back the page
of a book that no one can write.
oh, where are you tonight?
the truth was obscure, too profound and too pure, to live it you have to explode.
in that last hour of need, we entirely agreed, sacrifice was the code of the road.
i left town at dawn, with marcel and st. john, strong men belittled by doubt.
i couldn't tell her what my private thoughts were but she had some way of finding
them out. he took dead center aim but he missed just the same, she was waiting,
putting
flowers on the shelf.
she could feel my despair as i climbed up her hair and discovered her invisible self.
there's a lion in the road, there's a demon escaped,
there's a million dreams gone, there's a landscape being raped,
as her beauty fades and i watch her undrape,
i won't, but then again, maybe i might.
oh, if i could just find you tonight.
i fought with my twin, that enemy within, 'til both of us fell by the way.
horseplay and disease is killing me by degrees while the law looks the other way.
your partners in crime hit me up for nickels and dimes, the guy you were lovin'
couldn't stay clean.
it felt outa place, my foot in his face, but he should a stayed where his money was
green.
i bit into the root of forbidden fruit with the juice running down my leg.
then i dealt with your boss, who'd never known about loss and who always was
too proud to beg.
there's a white diamond gloom on the dark side of this room and a pathway that leads
up to the stars.
if you don't believe there's a price for this sweet paradise, remind me to show you the
scars.
there's a new day at dawn and i've finally arrived.
if i'm there in the morning, baby, you'll know i've survived.
i can't believe it, i can't believe i'm alive,
but without you it just doesn't seem right.
oh, where are you tonight?"
"where are you, where have you gone without me
i thought you cared about me, where are you
where's my heart, where is the dream we started
i can't believe we're parted, where are you
when we said, goodbye, love, what had we to gain
when i gave you my love, was it all in vain
all life through, must i go on pretending
where is my happy ending, where are you
when we said, goodbye, love, what had we to gain
when i gave you my love, was it all in vain
all life through, must i go on pretending
where is that happy ending, where are you, where are you"
"far away where the soft wind blow,
far away from it all,
there is a place you go
where teardrops fall.
far away in the stormy night,
far away and over the wall,
you are there in the flickering light
where teardrops fall.
we banged the drum slowly
and played the fife lowly
you know the song in my heart
bridge: in the turning of twilight
in the shadows of moonlight
you can show me a new place to start
i've torn my clothes and i've drained the cup
strippin' away at it all,
thinking of you when the sun comes up
where teardrops fall.
by rivers of blindness,
in love and with kindness
we could hold up s toast if we meet
bridge: to the cuttin' of fences
to sharpen the senses
that linger in the fireball heat.
roses are red, violets are blue
and time is beginning to crawl,
i just might have to come see you
where teardrops fall."
"who killed davey moore,
why an' what's the reason for?
""not i,"" says the referee,
""don't point your finger at me.
i could've stopped it in the eighth
an' maybe kept him from his fate,
but the crowd would've booed, i'm sure,
at not gettin' their money's worth.
it's too bad he had to go,
but there was a pressure on me too, you know.
it wasn't me that made him fall.
no, you can't blame me at all.""
who killed davey moore,
why an' what's the reason for?
""not us,"" says the angry crowd,
whose screams filled the arena loud.
""it's too bad he died that night
but we just like to see a fight.
we didn't mean for him t' meet his death,
we just meant to see some sweat,
there ain't nothing wrong in that.
it wasn't us that made him fall.
no, you can't blame us at all.""
who killed davey moore,
why an' what's the reason for?
""not me,"" says his manager,
puffing on a big cigar.
""it's hard to say, it's hard to tell,
i always thought that he was well.
it's too bad for his wife an' kids he's dead,
but if he was sick, he should've said.
it wasn't me that made him fall.
no, you can't blame me at all.""
who killed davey moore,
why an' what's the reason for?
""not me,"" says the gambling man,
with his ticket stub still in his hand.
""it wasn't me that knocked him down,
my hands never touched him none.
i didn't commit no ugly sin,
anyway, i put money on him to win.
it wasn't me that made him fall.
no, you can't blame me at all.""
who killed davey moore,
why an' what's the reason for?
""not me,"" says the boxing writer,
pounding print on his old typewriter,
sayin', ""boxing ain't to blame,
there's just as much danger in a football game.""
sayin', ""fist fighting is here to stay,
it's just the old american way.
it wasn't me that made him fall.
no, you can't blame me at all.""
who killed davey moore,
why an' what's the reason for?
""not me,"" says the man whose fists
laid him low in a cloud of mist,
who came here from cuba's door
where boxing ain't allowed no more.
""i hit him, yes, it's true,
but that's what i am paid to do.
don't say 'murder,' don't say 'kill.'
it was destiny, it was god's will.""
who killed davey moore,
why an' what's the reason for?"
"i'm sentimental, so i walk in the rain
i've got some habits even i can't explain
could start for the corner, turn up in spain
but why try to change me now?
i sit and daydream, i've got daydreams galore
cigarette ashes, there they go on the floor
i'll go away weekends, leave my keys in the door
but why try to change me now?
why can't i be more conventional?
people talk, people stare, so i try
but that's not for me, 'cause i can't see
my kind of crazy world go passing me by
so, let people wonder, let 'em laugh, let 'em frown
you know i'll love you till the moon's upside down
don't you remember i was always your clown?
why try to change me now?"
"wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a gypsy queen,
wiggle, wiggle, wiggle all dressed in green,
wiggle, wiggle, wiggle 'til the moon is blue,
wiggle 'til the moon sees you.
wiggle, wiggle, wiggle in your boots and shoes,
wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, you got nothing to lose,
wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, like a swarm of bees,
wiggle on your hands and knees.
bridge #1:
wiggle to the front, wiggle to the rear,
wiggle 'til you wiggle right out of here,
wiggle 'til it opens, wiggle 'til it shuts,
wiggle 'til it bites, wiggle 'til it cuts.
wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a bowl of soup,
wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a rolling hoop,
wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a ton of lead,
wiggle   you can raise the dead.
bridge #2:
wiggle 'til you're high, wiggle 'til you're higher,
wiggle 'til you vomit fire,
wiggle 'til it whispers, wiggle 'til it hums,
wiggle 'til it answers, wiggle 'til it comes.
wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like satin and silk,
wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like pail of milk,
wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, rattle and shake,
wiggle like a big fat snake."
"winterlude, winterlude, oh darlin',
winterlude by the road tonight.
tonight there will be no quarrelin',
ev'rything is gonna be all right.
oh, i see by the angel beside me
that love has a reason to shine.
you're the one i adore, come over here and give me more,
then winterlude, this dude thinks you're fine.
winterlude, winterlude, my little apple,
winterlude by the corn in the field,
winterlude, let's go down to the chapel,
then come back and cook up a meal.
well, come out when the skating rink glistens
by the sun, near the old crossroads sign.
the snow is so cold, but our love can be bold,
winterlude, don't be rude, please be mine.
winterlude, winterlude, my little daisy,
winterlude by the telephone wire,
winterlude, it's makin' me lazy,
come on, sit by the logs in the fire.
the moonlight reflects from the window
where the snowflakes, they cover the sand.
come out tonight, ev'rything will be tight,
winterlude, this dude thinks you're grand."
"oh my name it ain't nothin'
my age it means less
the country i come from
is called the midwest
i's taught and brought up there
the laws to abide
and that the land that i live in
has god on its side.
oh the history books tell it
they tell it so well
the cavalries charged
the indians fell
the cavalries charged
the indians died
oh the country was young
with god on its side.
the spanish american
war had its day
and the civil war too was
soon laid away
and the names of the heroes
i's made to memorize
with guns in their hands
and god on their side.
the first world war, boys
it came and it went
the reason for fighting
i never did get
but i learned to accept it
accept it with pride
for you don't count the dead
when god's on your side.
the second world war
came to an end
we forgave the germans
and then we were friends
though they murdered six million
in the ovens they fried
the germans now too
have god on their side.
i've learned to hate the russians
all through my whole life
if another war comes
it's them we must fight
to hate them and fear them
to run and to hide
and accept it all bravely
with god on my side.
but now we've got weapons
of chemical dust
if fire them we're forced to
then fire them we must
one push of the button
and a shot the world wide
and you never ask questions
when god's on your side.
through many dark hour
i've been thinkin' about this
that jesus christ
was betrayed by a kiss
but i can't think for you
you'll have to decide
whether judas iscariot
had god on his side.
so now as i'm leavin'
i'm weary as hell
the confusion i'm feelin'
ain't no tongue can tell
the words fill my head
and fall to the floor
that if god's on our side
he'll stop the next war."
"rain on the ground, windshield wipers movin'
water on the ground, sure don't feel like groovin'
working on a guru
working on a guru
working on a guru, before the sun goes down
rain all around, i need me an umbrella
water on the ground, i am that kind of fella
looking for a guru
working on a guru
working on a guru, before the sun goes down
walking on the street, i need me an umbrella
just to keep it sweet, i am that kind of fella
looking for a guru
working on a guru
working on a guru, before the sun goes down
rain on the ground, windshield wipers movin'
water all around, i sure don't feel like groovin'
i'm working on a guru
yes, i'm working on a guru
but i'm working on a guru, before the sun goes down
working on a guru
working on a guru
well, it's true, it could be you
i'm working on a guru"
"there's an evenin' haze settlin' over town
starlight by the edge of the creek
the buyin' power of the proletariat's gone down
money's gettin' shallow and weak
well, the place i love best is a sweet memory
it's a new path that we trod
they say low wages are a reality
if we want to compete abroad
my cruel weapons have been put on the shelf
come sit down on my knee
you are dearer to me than myself
as you yourself can see
while i'm listening to the steel rails hum
got both eyes tight shut
just sitting here trying to keep the hunger from
creeping it's way into my gut
chorus:
meet me at the bottom, don't lag behind
bring me my boots and shoes
you can hang back or fight your best on the frontline
sing a little bit of these workingman's blues
well, i'm sailin' on back, ready for the long haul
tossed by the winds and the seas
i'll drag 'em all down to hell and i'll stand 'em at the wall
i'll sell 'em to their enemies
i'm tryin' to feed my soul with thought
gonna sleep off the rest of the day
sometimes no one wants what we got
sometimes you can't give it away
now the place is ringed with countless foes
some of them may be deaf and dumb
no man, no woman knows
the hour that sorrow will come
in the dark i hear the night birds call
i can feel a lover's breath
i sleep in the kitchen with my feet in the hall
sleep is like a temporary death
well, they burned my barn, and they stole my horse
i can't save a dime
i got to be careful, i don't want to be forced
into a life of continual crime
i can see for myself that the sun is sinking
how i wish you were here to see
tell me now, am i wrong in thinking
that you have forgotten me?
now they worry and they hurry and they fuss and they fret
they waste your nights and days
them i will forget
but you i'll remember always
old memories of you to me have clung
you've wounded me with your words
gonna have to straighten out your tongue
it's all true, everything you've heard
in you, my friend, i find no blame
wanna look in my eyes, please do
no one can ever claim
that i took up arms against you
all across the peaceful sacred fields
they will lay you low
they'll break your horns and slash you with steel
i say it so it must be so
now i'm down on my luck and i'm black and blue
gonna give you another chance
i'm all alone, i'm expecting you
to lead me off in a cheerful dance
i got a brand new suit and a brand new wife
i can live on rice and beans
some people never worked a day in their life
don't know what work even means"
"1. strange things have happened, like never before.
my baby told me i would have to go.
i can't be good no more, once like i did before.
i can't be good, baby,
honey, because the world's gone wrong.
2. feel bad this morning, ain't got no home.
no use in worrying, 'cause the world gone wrong,
i can't be good no more, once like i did before.
i can't be good, baby,
honey, because the world's gone wrong.
3. i told you, baby, right to your head,
if i didn't leave you i would have to kill you dead.
i can't be good no more, once like i did before.
i can't be good, baby,
honey, because the world's gone wrong.
4. i tried to be loving and treat you kind,
but it seems like you never right, you got no loyal mind.
i can't be good no more, once like i did before.
i can't be good, baby,
honey, because the world's gone wrong.
5. if you have a woman and she don't treat you kind,
praise the good lord to get her out of your mind.
i can't be good no more, once like i did before.
i can't be good, baby,
honey, because the world's gone wrong.
6. said, when you been good now, can't do no more,
just tell her kindly, ""there is the front door.""
i can't be good no more, once like i did before.
i can't be good, baby,
honey, because the world's gone wrong.
7. pack up my suitcase, give me my hat,
no use to ask me, baby, 'cause i'll never be back.
i can't be good no more, once like i did before.
i can't be good, baby,
honey, because the world's gone wrong."
"i got those worried blues,
and i got those worried blues,
i got those worried blues,
i got those worried blues,
lord, i'm a going where i never been before.
i'm going where the chilly winds don't blow,
i'm going where the chilly winds don't blow,
worried blues
i'm going where the chilly winds don't blow,
i'm going where the chilly winds don't blow,
i'm going where the climate suits my clothes.
honey babe don't leave me now,
honey babe don't leave me now,
oh honey babe don't leave me now,
honey babe don't leave me now.
i got trouble in my mind.
listen to that cold whistle blow,
lord listen to that cold whistle blow,
listen to that cold whistle blow,
listen to that cold whistle blow,
i'm going where i'm never been before.
so i got those worries blues, lord,
i got the worried blues,
i got the worried blues ,
and i got the worried blues.
i'm a going where i never been before."
"stranded out in the night,
eliza took me down
to see the widow give
rain to the town.
it's against the law
to be a tonic man,
but the widow knows
she's got the upper hand.
so i went on in
feelin' kinda wheezy.
you know she soothed my mind, boys,
she rocked me kinda slow and easy
all day and all night.
pick a card before you go
it's a long trip to mexico.
eliza wait by the door,
i can't stay here anymore, no, no.
then she took a pill
she washed her feet in the mud
she said ""look out son,
you know, i just ordered a flood
for forty days and forty nights"".
then i dropped my shoes,
eliza called my name.
she said it looked to her
like it's gonna rain.
then the cotton king
came in chokin'
and the widow laughed and said:
""i ain't jokin'.
take once for all""
she said ""now don't ya tease me.
i just fell in love, boy,
so rock me kinda slow and kinda easy,
all day and all night.""
sweet william said
with a drunken head:
""if i had a boat,
i'd help y'all float"".
eliza stood there watching,
william in a trance,
as the widow did the st. vitus dance.
but just then an old man
with a boat named ""breezy""
said: ""you can ride with clyde, boys,
if you rock it kinda slow and easy,
all day and all night""."
"you harbor resentment
you know there ain't too much of a thrill
you wish for contentment
but you got an emptiness that can't be filled
you've had enough hatred
your bones are breaking  can't find nothing sacred, 
ye shall be changed, ye shall be changed
in a twinkling of an eye, when the last trumpet blows
the dead will arise and burst out of your cloths
and ye shall be changed
everything you've gotten
you've gotten by sweat, blood and muscle
from early in the morning 'til way past dark
all you ever do is hustle
all your loved ones have walked out the door
you're not even sure 'bout your wife and kids no more, but
ye shall be changed, ye shall be changed
in a twinkling of an eye, when the last trumpet blows
the dead will arise and burst out of your cloths
and ye shall be changed
 the past don't control you
but the future's like a roulette wheel spinning
 deep down inside
you know you need a whole new beginning
don't have to go to russia or iran
just surrender to god and he'll move you right here where you stand, and
ye shall be changed, ye shall be changed
in a twinkling of an eye, when the last trumpet blows
the dead will arise and burst out of your cloths
and ye shall be changed
you drink bitter water
and you been eating the bread of sorrow
you can't live for today
when all you're ever thinking of is tomorrow
the path you've endured has been rough
and when you've decided that you've had enough, then
ye shall be changed, ye shall be changed
in a twinkling of an eye, when the last trumpet blows
the dead will arise and burst out of your cloths
and ye shall be changed"
"well, the comic book and me, just us, we caught the bus.
the poor little chauffeur, though, she was back in bed
on the very next day, with a nose full of pus.
yea! heavy and a bottle of bread
yea! heavy and a bottle of bread
yea! heavy and a bottle of bread
it's a one track town, just brown, and a breeze, too,
pack up the meat, sweet, we're headin' out
for wichita in a pile of fruit.
get the loot, don't be slow, we're gonna catch a trout
get the loot, don't be slow, we're gonna catch a trout
get the loot, don't be slow, we're gonna catch a trout
now, pull that drummer out from behind that bottle.
bring me my pipe, we're gonna shake it.
slap that drummer with a pie that smells.
take me down to california, baby
take me down to california, baby
take me down to california, baby
yes, the comic book and me, just us, we caught the bus.
the poor little chauffeur, though, she was back in bed
on the very next day, with a nose full of pus.
yea! heavy and a bottle of bread
yea! heavy and a bottle of bread
yea! heavy and a bottle of bread"
"clouds so swift
rain won't lift
gate won't close
railings froze
get your mind off wintertime
you ain't goin' nowhere
whoo ee! ride me high
tomorrow's the day
my bride's gonna come
oh, oh, are we gonna fly
down in the easy chair!
i don't care
how many letters they sent
morning came and morning went
pick up your money
and pack up your tent
you ain't goin' nowhere
whoo ee! ride me high
tomorrow's the day
my bride's gonna come
oh, oh, are we gonna fly
down in the easy chair!
buy me a flute
and a gun that shoots
tailgates and substitutes
strap yourself
to the tree with roots
you ain't goin' nowhere
whoo ee! ride me high
tomorrow's the day
my bride's gonna come
oh, oh, are we gonna fly
down in the easy chair!
genghis khan
he could not keep
all his kings
supplied with sleep
we'll climb that hill no matter how steep
when we get up to it
whoo ee! ride me high
tomorrow's the day
my bride's gonna come
oh, oh, are we gonna fly
down in the easy chair!"
"you angel you
you got me under your wing.
the way you walk and the way you talk
i feel i could almost sing.
you angel you
you're as fine as anything's fine.
the way you walk and the way you talk
it sure plays on my mind.
you know i can't sleep at night for trying,
never did feel this way before.
i get up at night and walk the floor.
if this is love then gimme more
and more and more and more and more.
you angel you
you're as fine as can be.
the way you smile like a sweet baby child,
it just falls all over me.
you know i can't sleep at night for trying
never did feel this way before,
never did get up and walk the floor.
if this is love then gimme more
and more and more and more.
you angel you
you got me under your wing.
the way you walk and the way you talk
it says everything."
"our conversation was short and sweet
it nearly swept me off my feet
and i'm back in the rain
oh, and you are on dry land
you made it there somehow
you're a big girl now
bird on the horizon, sitting on a fence
he's singing his song for me at his own expense
and i'm just like that bird
oh, singing just for you
i hope that you can hear
hear me singing through these tears
time is a jet plane, it moves too fast
oh but what a shame, that all we've shared can't last
i can change i swear
oh, see what you can do
i can make it through
you can make it too
love is so simple, to quote a phrase
you've known it all the time, i'm learning it these days
and i know where i can find you
oh, in somebody's room
it's a price i have to pay
you're a big girl all the way
a change in the weather is known to be extreme
but it ain't like changing horses in midstream
i'm going out of my mind
oh, with a pain that stops and starts
like a corkscrew to the heart
ever since we've been apart
rpm"
"see the pyramids
along the nile
watch the sun rise
on a tropic isle
just remember darling
all the while
you belong to me...
see the market place
in old algiers
send me photographs
and souvenirs
just remember
'til your dream appears
you belong to me....
i'll be so alone
without you
maybe
you'll be lonesome, too
maybe
you'll be lonesome too
and blue
fly the ocean
in a silver plane
see the jungle
when its wet with rains
just remember
till you're home again
or until i come home to you
you belong to me.."
"you changed my life
came along in a time of strife
in hunger and need
you made my heart bleed
you changed my life
you changed my life
now the nature of man
is to beg and to steal
i'd do it myself
it's not so unreal
the call of the wild's
forever at my door
want me to fly like an eagle
being chained to the floor, but
you changed my life
came along in a time of strife
in hunger and need
you made my heart bleed
you changed my life
you changed my life
eating with the pigs
off a fancy tray
i was bold, i was looking good
and to have a nice day
it all seemed so proper
and so elite
eating absolute garbage
while being so discreet.
you changed my life
came along in a time of strife
in hunger and need
you made my heart bleed
you changed my life
you changed my life
you were glowing in the light
being peaceably calm
well, how often does a man dance
to the beat of the balm?
your eyes were on fire
your feet were of brass
in a world that you made
you were an outcast
you changed my life
came along in a time of strife
in hunger and need
you made my heart bleed
you changed my life
you changed my life
truce makers and partakers
of every selfish whim
her running to meet me running to her
and you running back to him
their destruction of my confidence
was like a sharpness of the tongue
i said: make my faith greater
but i was a little high strung
you changed my life
came along in a time of strife
in hunger and need
you made my heart bleed
you changed my life
you changed my life"
"well i told my baby
i said baby, i know where you been
well, i know who you are
and what league you played in
you wanna ramble
to the break of dawn
you wanna ramble
to the break of dawn
you wanna ramble
to the break of dawn.
well, the night is so empty
so quit and still
for only fifteen hundred dollars
you can have anybody killed
you wanna ramble
to the break of dawn
you wanna ramble
to the break of dawn
you wanna ramble
to the break of dawn.
well, i told my baby
further down the line
i said, ?what happens tomorrow
is on your head, not mine?
you wanna ramble
to the break of dawn
you wanna ramble
to the break of dawn
you wanna ramble
to the break of dawn."
"our conversation was short and sweet
it nearly swept me off my feet
and i'm back in the rain
oh, and you are on dry land
you made it there somehow
you're a big girl now
bird on the horizon, sitting on a fence
he's singing his song for me at his own expense
and i'm just like that bird
oh, singing just for you
i hope that you can hear
hear me singing through these tears
love is so simple, to quote a phrase
you've known it all the time, i'm learning it these days
and i know where i can find you
oh, in somebody's room
it's a price i have to pay
you're a big girl all the way
time is a jet plane, it moves too fast
oh but what a shame, that all we've shared can't last
i can change i swear
oh, see what you can do
i can make it through
you can make it too
a change in the weather is known to be extreme
but it ain't like changing horses in midstream
i'm going out of my mind
oh, with a pain that stops and starts
like a corkscrew to the heart
ever since we've been apart"
"i've seen love go by my door
it's never been this close before
never been so easy or so slow
been shootin' in the dark too long
if something's not right it's wrong
you're gonna make me lonesome when you go
dragon clouds so high above
i've only known careless love
it always has hit me from below
but this time it's more correct
right on target so direct
you're gonna make me lonesome when you go
purple clover queen anne lace
crimson hair across your face
you can make me cry if you don't know
can't remember what i was thinking of
you might be spoiling me too much love
you're gonna make me lonesome when you go
flowers on the hillside blooming crazy
crickets talking back and forth in rhyme
blue river running slow and lazy
i could spend forever with you and never realise the time
situations have ended sad
relationships have all been bad
mine have been like verlaine's and rimbaud
but there's no way i can compare
all them scenes to this affair
you're gonna make me lonesome when you go
you're gonna make me wonder what i'm doing
staying far behind without you
you're gonna make me wonder what i'm saying
you're gonna make me give myself a good talking to
i'll look for you in old honolula
san francisco, ashtabula
you're gonna have to leave me now i know
but i'll see you in the sky above
in the tall grass in the ones i love
you're gonna make me lonesome when you go"
"you're gonna quit me, baby,
good as i been to you, lawd, lawd.
good as i been to you, lawd, lawd.
good as i been to you.
give you my money, honey,
buy you shoes and clothes, lawd, lawd.
you're gonna quit me, baby,
put me outta doors, lawd, lawd.
six months on the chain gang,
believe me, it ain't no fun, lawd, lawd.
day you quit me, baby,
that's the day you die, lawd, lawd.
jailhouse ain't no plaything,
believe me, ain't no lie, lawd, lawd.
day you quit me, baby,
that's the day you die, lawd, lawd."
"well i don't know why i love you like i do
nobody in the world can get along with you.
you got the ways of a devil sleeping in a lion's den
i come home last night you wouldn't even let me in.
well sometimes you're as sweet as anybody want to be
when you get a crazy notion of jumpin' all over me
well you give me the blues i guess you're satisfied
an' you give me the blues i wanna lay down and die.
i helped you when you had no shoes on your feet, pretty mama
i helped you when you had no food to eat.
you're the kind of woman i just don't understand
you're takin' all my money and give it to another man.
well you're the kinda woman makes a man lose his brain
you're the kinda woman drives a man insane
you give me the blues, i guess you're satisfied
you give me the blues, i wanna lay down and die
well you give me the blues, i wanna lay down and die"
"fairy tales can come true
it can happen to you
if you're young at heart
for it's hard you will find
to be narrow of mind
if you're young at heart
you can go to extremes
with impossible schemes
you can laugh when your dreams
fall apart at the seams
and life gets more exciting
with each passing day
and love is either in your heart
or on it's way
don't you know that it's worth
every treasure on earth
to be young at heart
for as rich as you are
it's much better by far
to be young at heart
and if you should survive to 105
look at all you'll derive
out of being alive
and here is the best part
you've had a head start
if you are among the very
young at heart
and if you should survive
to a hundred and five
look at all you'll derive
out of being alive
and here is the best part
you've had a head start
if you are among the very
young at heart
and if you should survive
to a hundred and five
look at all you'll derive
out of being alive
and here is the best part
you've had a head start
if you are among the very
young at heart"
