"look, if you had one shot
or one opportunity
to seize everything you ever wanted
one moment
would you capture it, or just let it slip? yo
his palms are sweaty
knees weak, arms are heavy
there's vomit on his sweater already
mom's spaghetti, he's nervous
but on the surface he looks calm
and ready to drop bombs
but he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down
the whole crowd goes so loud
he opens his mouth but the words won't come out
he's choking, how?
everybody's jokin' now
the clock's run out, time's up, over blow!
snap back to reality
oh there goes gravity
oh there goes rabbit, he choked, he's so mad
but he won't, give up that easy, no
he won't have it
he knows his whole back's to these ropes
it don't matter, he's dope, he knows that
but he's broke, he's so sad that he knows
when he goes back to this mobile home
that's when it's back to the lab again, yo
this whole rhapsody
he better go capture this moment
and hope it don't pass him
you better lose yourself in the music
the moment that you own it
you better never let it go
you only get one shot
do not miss your chance to blow
'cause opportunity comes once in a lifetime go
you better lose yourself in the music
the moment that you own it
you better never let it go
you only get one shot
do not miss your chance to blow
'cause opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
you better
soul's escapin'
through this hole that is gaping
this world is mine for the taking
make me king
as we move toward a new world order
a normal life is boring
but superstardom's close to post mortem
it only grows harder
homie grows hotter
he blows us all over
these hoes is all on him
coast to coast shows
he's known as the globetrotter
lonely roads
god only knows
he's grown farther from home, he's no father
he goes home and barely knows his own daughter
but hold ya nose
'cause here goes the cold water
these hoes don't want him no mo'
he's cold product
and they moved on to the next schmoe who flows
and he knows dove and sold nada
and so the soap opera is told and unfolds
i suppose it's old partner, but the beat goes on
da da dum da dum da da
you better lose yourself in the music
the moment that you own it
you better never let it go, oh
you only get one shot
do not miss your chance to blow
'cause opportunity comes once in a lifetime go
you better lose yourself in the music
the moment that you own it
you better never let it go, oh
you only get one shot
do not miss your chance to blow
'cause opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
you better
no more games
i'ma change what you call rage
tear this muthaf***in' roof off
like two dogs caged
i was playin' in the beginnin'
the mood all changed
i've been chewed up and spit out
and booed off stage
but i kept rhymin'
and stepwritin' the next cipher
best believe somebody's payin' the pied piper
all the pain inside amplified by the
fact that i can't get by with my nine to five
and i can't provide the right type of
life for my family 'cause man
these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
and there's no movie, there's no mekhi phifer
this is my life and these times are so hard
and it's gettin' even harder
tryin' to feed and water my seed
plus teeter totter
caught up between bein' a father and a primadonna
baby momma drama, screamin' on her
too much for me to wanna stay in one spot
another day of monotony
has gotten me to the point i'm like a snail
i've got to formulate a plot
'fore end up in jail or shot
success is my only muthaf***in' option
failure's not
mom i love you but this trailer's got to go
i cannot grow old in salem's lot
so here i go, it's my shot
feet fail me not
'cause maybe the only opportunity that i got
you better
lose yourself in the music
the moment that you own it
you better never let it go, oh
you only get one shot
do not miss your chance to blow
'cause opportunity comes once in a lifetime go
you better lose yourself in the music
the moment that you own it
you better never let it go, oh
you only get one shot
do not miss your chance to blow
'cause opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
you better
you can do anything if you set your mind to man"
"may i have your attention please
may i have your attention please
will the real slim shady please stand up
i repeat will the real slim
shady please stand up
we're gonna have a problem here
ya'll act like you never seen a white person before
jaws all on the floor
like pam and tommy just burst in the door
and started whoopin her ass worse than before
they first were divorced
throwing her over furniture it's the return of the
""ah wait, no wait, you're kidding
he didn't just say what i think he did
did he? ""
and dr. dre said
nothing you idiots, dr dre's dead
he's locked in my bassment
feminist women love eminem
chicka chicka chicka slim shady
""i'm sick of him, look at him
walkin around, grabbin his you know what
flippin' to you know who""
""yeah, but he's so cute though""
yeah, i probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
but no worse than what's
goin on in your parents bedroom sometimes, i wanna get on tv and just let loose
but can't, but it's cool for tom green
to hump a dead moose
my bum is on your lips
my bum is on your lips
and if i'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
and that's the message that we deliver to little kids
and expect them not to know
what a woman's clitoris is
of course they're gonna know what intercourse is
by the time they hit 4th grade
they got the discovery channel, dont they?
we ain't nothing but mammals
well, some of us cannibals
who cut other people open like cantelopes
but if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
then there's no reason that a man
and another man can't elope
but if you feel like i feel
i got the antedote
women wave your pantehose
sing the chorus and it goes
i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so wont the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up
cause i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so wont the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up
will smith don't got to cuss in his raps to sell records
well i do, so f*** him and f*** you too
you think i give a damn about a grammy
half of you critics can't even stomach me
let alone stand me
""but slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird""
why? so you guys can just lie to get me here
so you can sit me here next to britney spears
bullshit, christina aguilera better switch me chairs
so i can sit next to carson daly and fred durst
and hear em argue over who she gave head to first
little b****, put me on blast on mtv
""yeah, he's cute
but i think he's married to kim, hee hee""
i should download her audio on mp3
and show the world
how you gave eminem vd i'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
all you do is annoy me
so i have n'sync here to destroy you
and there's a million of us just like me
who cuss like me
who just don't give a f*** like me
who dress like me, walk, talk
and act like me
and just might be the next best thing, but not quite me
i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so won't the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up
cause i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so wont the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up
i'm like a head trip to listen to
cause i'm only giving you things
you joke about with your friends inside you livin' room
the only difference is i got the balls to say it
in front of ya'll and i aint gotta be false or sugar coated at all
i just get on the mic and spit it
and whether you like to admit it i just shitted it better than 90 you rappers out can
then you wonder how can
kids eat up these albums
like valiums
it's funny, cause at the rate i'm going
when i'm thirty
i'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
pinchin nurses asses
when i'm jackin off with jergen's
and i'm jerkin' but this whole bag of viagra
isn't working
in every single person there's a slim shady lurkin
he could be workin at burger king
spittin on your onion rings
or in the parking lot, circling, screamin
i dont give a f***
with his windows down and his system up
so will the real shady please stand up
and put 1 of those fingers on each hand up
and be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
and 1 more time, loud as you can, how does it go?
i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so wont the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up
cause i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so wont the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up
cause i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so wont the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up
cause i'm slim shady, yes, i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so wont the real slim shady please stand up
please stand up, please stand up
haha guess it's a slim shady in all of us
f*** it let's all stand up"
"look, i was gonna go easy on you
and not to hurt your feelings
but i'm only going to get this one chance
something's wrong, i can feel it
just a feeling i've got
like something's about to happen
but i don't know what
if that means, what i think it means
we're in trouble, big trouble
and if he is as bananas as you say
i'm not taking any chances
you were just what the doctor ordered
i'm beginning to feel like a rap god, rap god
all my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
now who thinks their arms
are long enough to slapbox, slapbox?
they said i rap like a robot
so call me rapbot
but for me to rap like a computer
must be in my genes
i got a laptop in my back pocket
my pen'll go off when i half cock it
got a fat knot from that rap profit
made a living and a killing off it
ever since bill clinton was still in office
with monica lewinsky feeling on his nut sack
i'm an mc still as honest
but as rude and as indecent as all hell
syllables, killaholic this slickety, gibbedy, hibbedy hip hop
you don't really wanna get into a pissing match
with this rappidy rap
packing a mac in the back of the ac
pack backpack rap, yep, yackidy yac
and at the exact same time
i attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts
while i'm practicing that
i'll still be able to break a motherf***in' table
over the back of a couple of f*****s and crack it in half
only realized it was ironic
i was under aftermath after the fact
how could i not blow?
all i do is drop f bombs
feel my wrath of attack
rappers are having a rough time period
here's a maxipad
it's actually disastrously bad for the wack
while i'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece as
i'm beginning to feel like a rap god, rap god
all my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
now who thinks their arms
are long enough to slapbox, slapbox?
let me show you maintaining
this shit ain't that hard, that hard
everybody want the key
and the secret to rap immortality like i have got
well, to be truthful the blueprint's simply rage
and youthful exuberance
everybody loves to root for a nuisance
hit the earth like an asteroid
did nothing but shoot for the moon since
mc's get taken to school with this music
cause i use it as a vehicle to bust a rhyme
now i lead a new school full of students
me? i'm a product of rakim, lakim shabazz, 2pac n
w. a, cube, hey, doc, ren, yella, eazy
thank you, they got slim
inspired enough to one day grow up
blow up and be in a position
to meet run dmc and induct them
into the motherf***in' rock n' roll hall of fame
even though i walk in the church
and burst in a ball of flames
only hall of fame i be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
on the wall of shame
you f**s think it's all a game
'til i walk a flock of flames
off of planking, tell me what in the f*** are you thinking?
little g** looking boy
so g** i can barely say it
with a straight face looking boy
you witnessing a massacre
like you watching a church gathering
take place looking boy
oy vey, that boy's g**
that's all they say looking boy
you get a thumbs up, pat on the back
and a way to go from your label everyday
looking boy
hey, looking boy, what you say looking boy?
i got a ""hell yeah"" from dre looking boy
i'mma work for everything i have
never ask nobody for shit
get outta my face looking boy
basically boy you're never gonna be capable
to keep up with the same pace looking boy
i'm beginning to feel like a rap god, rap god
all my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
the way i'm racing around the track
call me nascar, nascar
dale earnhardt of the trailer park
the white trash god
kneel before general zod this planet's krypton
no asgard, asgard
so you be thor and i'll be odin
you rodent, i'm omnipotent
let off then i'm reloading immediately
with these bombs i'm totin'
and i should not be woken
i'm the walking dead, but i'm just a talking head
a zombie floating
but i got your mom deep throating
i'm out my ramen noodle
we have nothing in common, poodle
i'm a doberman, pinch yourself in the arm
and pay homage, pupil
it's me, my honesty's brutal
but it's honestly futile if i don't utilize what i do though
for good at least once in a while
so i wanna make sure somewhere
in this chicken scratch i scribble and doodle
enough rhymes to maybe to try
and help get some people through tough times
but i gotta keep a few punchlines just in case
'cause even you unsigned
rappers are hungry looking at me
like it's lunchtime
i know there was a time where once i
was king of the underground
but i still rap like i'm on my pharoahe monch grind
so i crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
appeal with the skin color of mine
you get too big
and here they come trying to censor you
like that one line i said on ""i'm back""
from the marshall mathers lp
one where i tried to say i take seven kids from columbine
put 'em all in a line, add an ak 47, a revolver and a nine
see if i get away with it now
that i ain't as big as i was
but i've morphed into an immortal coming through the portal
you're stuck in a timewarp from 2004 though
and i don't know what the f*** that you rhyme for
you're pointless as rapunzel with f***ing cornrows
you're like normal, f*** being normal
and i just bought a new raygun from the future
to just come and shoot ya like
when fabolous made ray j mad
cause fab said he looked like a f**
at maywhether's pad
singin' to a man while they played piano
man, oh man, that was a 24 7 special
on the cable channel
so ray j went straight to the radio station the very next day
''hey, fab, i'mma kill you''
lyrics coming at you at supersonic speed
uh, sama lamaa duma lamaa
you assuming i'm a human
what i gotta do to get it through to you
i'm superhuman
innovative and i'm made of rubber
so that anything you saying
ricocheting off of me
and it'll glue to you
i'm never stating
more than never demonstrating
how to give a motherf***in' audience
a feeling like it's levitating
never fading
and i know that the haters are forever waiting
for the day that they can say i fell off
they'd be celebrating
'cause i know the way to get 'em motivated
i make elevating music, you make elevator music
oh, he's too mainstream
well, that's what they do
when they get jealous, they confuse it
it's not hip hop, it's pop, cause i found a hella way to fuse it
with rock, shock rap with doc
throw on lose yourself and make 'em lose it
i don't know how to make songs like that
i don't know what words to use
let me know when it occurs to you
while i'm ripping any one of these verses
diverse as you
it's curtains, i'm inadvertently hurtin' you
how many verses i gotta murder to prove
that if you're half as nice at songs
you can sacrifice virgins too
school flunkie, pill junky
but look at the accolades the skills brung me
full of myself, but still hungry
i bully myself cause i make me do
what i put my mind to
and i'm a million leagues above you
ill when i speak in tongues
but it's still tongue in cheek, f*** you
i'm drunk so satan take the f***ing wheel
i'm asleep in the front seat
bumping heavy d and the boys, still ""chunky, but funky""
but in my head there's something
i can feel tugging and struggling
angels fight with devils
here's what they want from me
they asking me to eliminate
some of the women hate
but if you take into consideration
the bitter hatred that i had
then you may be a little patient
and more symphatetic to the situation
and understand the discrimation
but f*** it, life's handing you lemons, make lemonade then
but if i can't batter the women how the f***
am i supposed to bake them a cake then?
don't mistake it for satan
it's a fatal mistake if you think i need to be overseas
and take a vacation to trip a broad
and make her fall on her face and don't be a r*****
be a king? think not
why be a king when you can be a god?"
"""obie trice, real name no gimmicks...""
two trailer park girls go round the outside,
round the outside, round the outside.
two trailer park girls go round the outside,
round the outside, round the outside.
""ooooohhhhh!""
guess who's back, back again
shady's back, tell a friend
guess who's back, guess who's back,
guess who's back, guess who's back,
guess who's back, guess who's back,
guess who's back...
 2x
i've created a monster, cuz nobody wants to
see marshall no more they want shady
i'm chopped liver
well if you want shady, this is what i'll give ya
a little bit of weed
mixed with some hard liquor
some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart quicker
then a shock when i get shocked at the hospital
by the dr. when i'm not co operating
when i'm rocking the table
while he's operating you waited this long now stop debating
cuz i'm back, i'm on the rag and ovulating
i know that you got a job ms. cheney
but your husbands heart problem is complicating
so the fcc won't let me be
or let me be me so let me see
they've tried to shut me down on mtv
but it feels so empty without me
so, come on dip, bum on your lips
f*** that,
cum on your lips & some on your tits
and get ready cuz this shit's about to get heavy
i just settled all my lawsuits,
""f*** you debbie!""
now this looks like a job for me
so everybody just follow me
cuz we need a little controversy,
cuz it feels so empty without me.
i said this looks like a job for me
so everybody just follow me
cuz we need a little controversy,
cuz it feels so empty without me.
little hellions, kids feeling rebellious
embarrassed, their parents still listen to elvis
they start feeling like prisoners helpless,
til someone comes along on a mission and yells ""b****""
a visionary, vision of scary, could start a revolution,
pollutin' the air waves a rebel
so just let me revel and bask,
in the fact that i got everyone kissing my ass
and it's a disaster such a catastrophe
for you to see so damn much of my ass
you ask for me?
well i'm back fix your bent antenna
tune it in and then i'm gonna enter
in up under your skin like a splinter
the center of attention back for the winter
i'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
infesting in your kids ears and nesting
testing ""attention please""
feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
a nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?
now this looks like a job for me
so everybody just follow me
cuz we need a little controversy,
cuz it feels so empty without me.
i said this looks like a job for me
so everybody just follow me
cuz we need a little controversy,
cuz it feels so empty without me.
a tisk it a task it,
i go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit that shit
chris kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked
worse than them little limp bizkit bastards,
and moby, you can get stomped by obie,
you 36 year old bald headed f** blow me
you don't know me, you're too old
let go, it's over, nobody listens to techno
now let go, just give me the signal
i will be there with a whole list full of new insults
i've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
ever since prince turned himself into a symbol
but sometimes the shit just seems,
everybody only wants to discuss me
so this must mean i'm disgusting,
but its just me i'm just obscene
though i'm not the first king of controversy
i am the worst thing since elvis presley,
to do black music so selfishly
and use it to get myself wealthy here's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
but no matter how many fish in the sea
it'll be so empty without me.
now this looks like a job for me
so everybody just follow me
cuz we need a little controversy,
cuz it feels so empty without me.
i said this looks like a job for me
so everybody just follow me
cuz we need a little controversy,
cuz it feels so empty without me,
hum dei la la la, la la la la la, la la la la la, la la la la
hum dei la la la, la la la la la, la la la la la, la la la la
""kids!"""
"i got a song filled with shit for the strong willed
when the world gives you a raw deal
set you off till you
scream, ""piss off, screw you""
when it talks to you like you don't belong
or tells you you're in the wrong field
when's something's in your mitochondrial
'cause it latched on to you, like
knock knock, let the devil in
malevolent as i've ever been
head is spinnin' and this medicine
screaming, ""l l l let us in""
l l lick like a salad bowl, edgar allen poe
bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago
liquid tylenol, gelatin
think my skeleton's meltin'
wicked, i get all high when i think
i've smelled the scent of elephant manure
hell, i meant kahlúa, screw it, to hell with it
i went through hell with accelerants and blew up
my my myself again, volkswagen, tailspin
bucket matches my pale skin, medal win
mayo and went from hellmann's and being rail thin
filet o fish, scribble jam, rap olympics, '97 freaknik
how can i be down? me and bizarre in florida
proof's room slept on floor of the motel then
dr. dre said, ""hell yeah""
and i got his stamp like a postcard
word to mel man
and i know they're gonna hate but i don't care
i barely could wait to hit them
with the snare and the bass, square in the face
this f***in' world better prepare to get laced
because they're gonna taste my
venom, adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
venom,  adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
venom,  adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
i said knock knock, let the devil in
shotgun p p pellets in the felt pen
cocked, f*** around and catch a hot one
it it's evident i'm not done
v venomous, the thoughts spun
like a web and you just caught in 'em
held against your will like a hubcap or mud flap
beat strangler attack
so this ain't gonna feel like a love tap
eat painkiller pills, f*** up the track
like, what's her name's at the wheel? danica patrick
threw the car into reverse at the indy, a nut crashin'
into ya, the back of it is just mangled steel
my mustang and the jeep wrangler grill
with the front smashed
much as my rear fender, assassin
slim be a combination of an actual
kamikaze and gandhi translation, i will probably kill us both
when i end up back in india
you ain't gonna be able to tell
what the f***'s happenin' to you
when you're bit with the—
venom
 adrenaline momentum not knowing with 'em
never gonna slow up in 'em
ready to snap any moment um
thinking it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
venom
 adrenaline momentum not knowing with 'em
never gonna slow up in 'em
ready to snap any moment um
thinking it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
i said, ""knock knock, let the devil in, alien""
e e elliot phone home
ain't no telling when this choke hold
on this game will end, i'm loco
became a symbiote, so
my fangs are in your throat, ho
you're steppin' in with my
venom
put the ballpoint pen 'em
gun cock, bump stock, devil eye, buckshot
tire thumper, a garrote, tie a couple knots
fired up and caught fire, juggernaut
punk rock, b****, it's goin' down like yung joc
'cause the doc put me on like sunblock
but i f*** not, you only get one shot
ate shit 'til i can't taste it
chased it with straight liquor
then paint thinner, then drank 'til i faint
and awake with a headache
and i take anything in rectangular shape
then i wait to face the demons i'm bonded to
'cause they're chasin' me but i'm part of you
so escapin' me is impossible
i latch onto you like a—parasite
and i probably ruined your parents' life
and your childhood too
'cause if i'm the music that y'all grew up on
i'm responsible for you r*****ed fools
i'm the super villain
dad and mom was losin' their marbles to
you marvel that? eddie brock is you
and i'm the suit, so call me—
venom
 adrenaline momentum not knowing with 'em
never gonna slow up in 'em
ready to snap any moment um
thinking it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
venom
 adrenaline momentum not knowing with 'em
never gonna slow up in 'em
ready to snap any moment um
thinking it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em"
"i'm not afraid to take a stand
everybody come take my hand
we'll walk this road together, through the storm
whatever weather, cold or warm
just let me know that, you're not alone
holla if you feel like you've been down the same road
yeah, it's been a ride...
i guess i had to go to that place to get to this one
now some of you might still be in that place
if you're trying to get out, just follow me
i'll get you there
you can try and read my lyrics off of this paper
before i lay em
but you won't take this thing out these words
before i say em
cause ain't no way i'm let you stop me
from causing mayhem
when i say em or do something
i do it, i don't give a damn
what you think?
i'm doing this for me, so f*** the world
feed it beans, it's gassed up,
if a thing's stopping me
i'mma be what i set out to be,
without a doubt undoubtedly
and all those who look down on me
i'm tearing down your balcony
no if ands or buts
don't try to ask him why or how can he
from infinite down to the last
relapse album he's still shit and
whether he's on salary, paid hourly
until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
whichever comes first, for better or worse
he's married to the game,
like a f*** you for christmas
his gift is a curse,
forget the earth he's got the urge
to pull his d*** from the dirt and f*** the whole universe
i'm not afraid to take a stand
everybody come take my hand
we'll walk this road together, through the storm
whatever weather, cold or warm
just let me know that, you're not alone
holla if you feel like you've been down the same road
ok quit playin' with the scissors and shit,
and cut the crap
i shouldn't have to rhyme these words
in the rhythm for you to know it's a rap
you said you was king, you lied through your teeth
for that f*** your feelings,
instead of getting crowned you're getting capped
and to the fans, i'll never let you down again,
i'm back
i promise to never go back on that promise, in fact
let's be honest, that last relapse cd was ""ehhhh""
perhaps i ran them accents into the ground
relax, i ain't going back to that now
all i'm tryna say is get back, click clack blaow
cause i ain't playin' around
there's a game called circle and i don't know how
i'm way too up to back down
but i think i'm still tryna figure this crap out
thought i had it mapped out but i guess i didn't
this f***ing black cloud's still follow's me around
but it's time to exorcise these demons
these motherf***ers are doing jumping jacks now!
i'm not afraid to take a stand
everybody come take my hand
we'll walk this road together, through the storm
whatever weather, cold or warm
just let me know that, you're not alone
holla if you feel like you've been down the same road
and i just can't keep living this way
so starting today, i'm breaking out of this cage
i'm standing up, imma face my demons
i'm manning up, imma hold my ground
i've had enough, now i'm so fed up
time to put my life back together right now
it was my decision to keep it clean, i did it for me
admittedly i probably did it subliminally for you
so i could come back a brand new me,
you helped see me through
and don't even realise what you did,
believe me you
i been through the ringer,
but they can do little to the middle finger
i think i got a tear in my eye,
i feel like the king of..
my world, haters can make
like bees with no stingers, and drop dead
no more beef flingers, no more drama from now on,
i promise
to focus soley on handling my responsibility's
as a father
so i solemnly swear to
always treat this roof like my
daughters and raise it
you couldn't lift a single shingle lonely
cause the way i feel, i'm strong enough to go to the club
or a corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up
cause i'm raising the bar, i shoot for the moon
but i'm too busy gazing at stars, i feel amazing and i'm not
i'm not afraid to take a stand
everybody come take my hand
we'll walk this road together, through the storm
whatever weather, cold or warm
just let me know that, you're not alone
holla if you feel like you've been down the same road"
"this guy's a choke artist
ya catch a bad one
your better off shootin yourself
with papa doc's handgun
climbin up this mountain your weak
ill leave you lost without a paddle
floatin shits creek
you ain't detroit, im the d
your the new kid on the block
bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks
f***in nazi, this crowd ain't your type
take some real advice and form a group with vanilla ice
and what i tell you, you better use it
this guy's a hillbilly, this ain't willie nelson music
trailor trash, ill choke you to your last breath
and have you lookin foolish
like cheddar bob when he shot himself
silly rabbit, i know why they call you that
cause you follow future like you got carrots up his asscrack
and when you actin up thats when you got jacked up
and left stupid like tina turner when she got smacked up
ill crack your shoulder blade
youll get dropped so hard
elvis will start turnin in his grave
i dont know why they let you out in the dark
you need to take your white ass back across 8 mile
to the trailor park
this guy raps like his parents jerked him
he sounds like eric sermon, the generic version
this whole crowd looks suspicious
its all dudes in here, except for these b****es
so im a german, eh
thats ok, you look like a f***in worm with braids
these leaders of the free world rookies
lookie, how can 6 d***s be pussies
talkin bout shits creek
b****, you could be up piss creek
with paddles this deep
your still gonna sink
your a disgrace
yeah, they call me rabbit
this is a turtle race
he can't get with me spittin this shit
wickedly lickety shot
spickety spickety split lickety
so im gonna turn around with a great smile
and walk my white ass back across 8 mile!
lotto]
yo, i spit a racial slur. honky, sue me.
this shit is a horror flick
but the black guy doesn't die in this movie.
f***ing with lotto dawg you gotta be kiddin.
that makes me believe you really don't have a interest in livin.
you think these n****s gonna feel the shit you say?
i got a better chance joinin the k.k.k.
know some real shit tho? i like you.
that's why i didn't wanna be the one you commit suicide to.
f*** lotto ... call me your leader.
i feel bad i gotta murder that dude from leave it to beaver.
i used to like that show now you got me in fight back mode.
but oh well if you gotta go ... then you gotta go.
i hate to do this. i would love for this shit to last.
so i'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass.
and all is well that ends ok.
so i'll end this shit with a ... f*** you but have a nice day!
ward i think you were a little hard on the beaver.
so was eddie haskel, wally and ms. cleaver.
this guy keeps screamin hes paranoid.
quick someone get his ass another steroid!
blah de bee bee, blah blah blah be dee , blooh blah.
i didn't hear a word you said ... hippity hoo blah.
is that a tank top or a new bra?
look snoop dogg has got a f***ing boob job!
didn't you listen to the last round meathead?
pay attention your saying the same shit that he said.
matter a fact dawg, here's a pencil.
go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful
and don't come back until somethin dope hits you.
f*** it, you could take the mic home with you.
lookin like a cyclone hit you.
tanktops screamin ""lotto i don't fit you!""
you see how far them white jokes get you,
boys like ""hows vanilla ice gonna diss you?""
my motto f*** lotto.
i'll get your seven digits from your mother for a dollar tomorrow.
rabbit
now everybody from the 313
put your mothef***ing hands and follow me
everybody from the 313
put your mothef***ing hands up
look look
now while he stands tough
notice that this man did not had his hands up
this free world got you gased up
now who's afraid of the big bad wolf
1, 2, 3 and to the 4
1 pac, 2 pac, 3 pac, 4
4 pac, 3 pac, 2 pac, 1
you're pac, he's pac, no pacs, none
this guy aint no mother f***in mc,
i know everything he's got to say against me,
i am white, i am a f***in bum, i do live in a trailer with my
mom,
my boy future is an uncle tom.
i do got a dumb friend named cheddar bob who shoots
himself in the leg with his own gun,
i did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
and wink did f*** my girl,
i'm still standin here screamin ""f*** the free world!""
don't ever try to judge me dude
you don't know what the f*** i've been through
but i know something about you
you went to crankbook, that's a private school
what's the matter dawg? you embarrased?
this is guy's a gangster, he's real name's clarence
and clarence lives at home with both parents
and clarence's parents have a real good marriage
this guy don't wanna battle, he's shook
'cause there no such things as half way crooks
he's scared to death
he's scared to look in his f***in yearbook, f*** crankbook
f*** the beat, i go acapella
f*** a papa doc, f*** a clock, f*** a trailer, f*** everybody
f*** y'all if you doubt me
i'm a piece of f***ing white trash, i say it proudly
and f*** this battle, i don't wanna win, i'm outty,
here, tell this people something they dont know about me."
"yeah
i know sometimes,
things may not always make sense to you right now
but hey, what'd daddy always tell you?
straighten up little soldier
stiffen up that upper lip
what you crying about?
you got me
hailie, i know you miss your mom,
and i know you miss your dad
well, i'm gone,
but i'm trying to give you the life that i never had
i can see you're sad, even when you smile,
even when you laugh
i can see it in your eyes,
deep inside you wanna cry
'cause you're scared, i ain't there?
daddy's with you in your prayers
no more crying, wipe them tears
daddy's here, no more nightmares
we gon' pull together through it,
we gon' do it
laney, uncle's crazy, ain't he?
yeah but he loves you girl and you better know it
we're all we got in this world
when it spins, when it swirls,
when it whirls, when it twirls
two little beautiful girls
lookin' puzzled, in a daze
i know it's confusing you
daddy's always on the move,
mamma's always on the news
i try to keep you sheltered from it
but somehow it seems
the harder that i try to do that,
the more it backfires on me
all the things growing up his daddy
that he had to see
daddy don't want you to see
but you see just as much as he did
we did not plan it to be this way,
your mother and me
but things have got so bad between us
i don't see us ever being together ever again
like we used to be when we was teenagers
but then of course everything always happens for a reason
i guess it was never meant to be
but it's just something we have no control
over and that's what destiny is
but no more worries,
rest your head and go to sleep
maybe one day we'll wake up
and this will all just be a dream
chorus
now hush little baby, don't you cry
everything's gonna be alright
stiffen that upper lip up little lady, i told ya
daddy's here to hold ya through the night
i know mommy's not here right now and
we don't know why
we fear how we feel inside
it may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
but i promise, momma's gon' be alright
it's funny
i remember back one year
when daddy had no money
mommy wrapped the christmas presents up
and stuck 'em under the tree
and said some of 'em were from me
'cause daddy couldn't buy 'em
i'll never forget that christmas
i sat up the whole night crying
'cause daddy felt like a bum,
see daddy had a job
but his job was to keep the food
on the table for you and mom
and at the time, every house that we lived in
either kept getting broke into and robbed
or shot up on the block and your mom
was saving money
for you in a jar
tryna start a piggy bank for you
so you could go to college
almost had a thousand dollars,
till someone broke in and stole it
and i know it hurt so bad
it broke your momma's heart
and it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
mom and dad was arguin' a lot
so momma moved back
on the chalmers in the flat,
one bedroom apartment
and dad moved back to the other side
of 8 mile on novara
and that's when daddy went to california with his cd
and met dr. dre
and flew you and momma out to see me
but daddy had to work,
you and momma had to leave me
then you started seeing daddy on the t.v.,
and momma didn't like it
and you and laney were too young to understand it
papa was a rollin' stone, momma developed a habit
and it all happened too fast
for either one of us to grab it
i'm just sorry you were there and
had to witness it first hand
'cause all i ever wanted to do was just make you proud
now i'm sittin' in this empty house, just reminiscing
lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
to see how much you both have grown,
it's almost like you're sisters now
wow, guess you pretty much are and daddy's still here
laney i'm talkin' to you too,
daddy's still here
i like the sound of that, yeah
it's got a ring to it don't it?
shh, momma's only gone for the moment
chorus
now hush little baby, don't you cry
everything's gonna be alright
stiffen that upper lip up little lady, i told ya
daddy's here to hold ya through the night
i know mommy's not here right now and
we don't know why
we fear how we feel inside
it may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
but i promise, momma's gon' be alright
and if you ask me too
daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
i'ma give you the world
i'ma buy a diamond ring for you
i'ma sing for you
i'll do anything for you to see you smile
and if that mockingbird don't sing
and that ring don't shine
i'ma break that bird's neck
i'd go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
and make him eat every carat
don't f*** with dad "
"lately i've been hard to reach
i've been too long on my own
everybody has a private world
where they can be alone
are you calling me?
are you trying to get through?
are you reaching out for me?
i'm reaching out for you....
i'm just so f***in depressed
i just can't seem to get out this slump
if i could just get over this hump,
but i need something to pull me out this dump
i took my bruises, took my lumps,
fell down and i got right back up
but i need that spark
to get psyched back up
in order for me to pick the mic back up
i don't know how or why or when
i ended up being in this position i'm in
i'm startin to feel distant again,
so i decided just to pick this pen
up and try to make an attempt to vent
but i just can't admit or come to grips
with the fact that i may be done with rap,
i need a new outlet
and i know some shit so hard to swallow,
but i just can't sit back and wallow
in my own sorrow,
but i know one fact, i'll be one tough act to follow
one tough act to follow
i'll be one tough act to follow
here today, gone tomorrow,
but you'd have to walk a thousand miles...
chorus
in my shoes
just to see
what it's like to be me
i'll be you
let's trade shoes
just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain
you feel mine, go inside each others minds
just to see what we'd find
look at shit through each others eyes
don't let them say you ain't beautiful
they can all get f***ed
just stay true to you
don't let them say you ain't beautiful
they can all get f***ed
just stay true to you
verse 2
i think i'm startin
to lose my sense of humor
everythings so tense and gloom
i almost feel like i got to check the temperture
of the room just as soon as
i walk in, it's like all eyes on me
so i try to avoid any eye contact
cause if i do that, then it opens the door for conversation
like i want that
i'm not looking for extra attention
i just want to be just like you
blend in with the rest of the room
maybe just point me to the closest restroom
i don't need no f***in man servant
tryna follow me around
and wipe my ass
and laugh at every single joke
i crack and half of them aint even funny like
""ahh, marshall you're so funny man
]you should be a comedian, god damn""
unfortunately i am,
i just hide behind the tears of a clown
so why don't you all sit down
listen to the tale i'm about to tell
hell, we don't get to gotta trade our shoes
and you aint gotta walk no thousand miles
chorus
in my shoes
just to see
what it's like to be me
i'll be you
let's trade shoes
just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain
you feel mine, go inside each others minds
just to see what we'd find
look at shit through each others eyes
but don't let them say you ain't beautiful
they can all get f***ed
just stay true to you
don't let them say you ain't beautiful
they can all get f***ed
just stay true to you
so...
verse 3
nobody asked for life to deal us what these
bullshit hands were dealt
we gotta take these cards ourselves,
and flip them, don't expect no help
now i could of either just sat on my ass
and pissed and moaned
or take this situation in which i'm placed
and get up and get my own
i was never the type of kid to wait by the door
and pack his bags
or sat on the porch and hoped and pray for a dad
to show up who never did
i just wanted to fit in, in every single place
every school i went
i dreamed of being that cool kid
even if it meant actin stupid
and aunt edna was told me
keep makin that face it'll get stuck like that
meanwhile i'm just standin there holdin my tongue
tryna talk like ""thissss""
till i stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign
pole at 8 years old
i learned my lesson then
cause i wasn't tryin to impress my friends no more
but i already told you my whole life story
not just based on my description
cause where you see it
from where you're sittin
it's probably 110 percent different
i guess we would have to walk a mile
in each others shoes at least
what size you wear?
i wear 10's, let's see if you could fit your feet...
chorus
in my shoes
just to see
what it's like to be me
i'll be you
let's trade shoes
just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain
you feel mine, go inside each others minds
just to see what we'd find
look at shit through each others eyes
but don't let them say you ain't beautiful
they can all get f***ed
just stay true to you
don't let them say you ain't beautiful
they can all get f***ed
just stay true to you
lately i've been hard to reach
i've been too long on my own
everybody have their private world
where they can be alone
are you calling me?
are you trying to get through?
are you reaching out for me?
i'm reaching out for you...
yeah, to my babies, stay strong
dad will be home soon
and to the rest of the world
god gave you them shoes, to fit you
so put them on and wear em
be yourself man
be proud of who you are
even if it sounds corny
don't ever let anyone tell you
you aint beautiful"
"chorus: repeat 2x
hi! my name is..  my name is.. my name is..  slim shady
hi! my name is..  my name is.. my name is..  slim shady
ahem.. excuse me!
can i have the attention of the class
for one second?
hi kids!
do you like violence? wanna see me stick nine inch nails
through each one of my eyelids? wanna copy me and do exactly like i did?
try 'cid and get f***ed up worse then my life is?
my brain's dead weight,
i'm tryin to get my head straight
but i can't figure out which spice girl
i want to impregnate and dr. dre said, ""slim shady you a basehead!""
uh uhhh! ""so why's your face red?
man you wasted!""
well since age twelve,
i've felt like i'm someone else
cause i hung my original self from
the top bunk with a belt
got pissed off
and ripped pamela lee's tits off
and smacked her so hard
i knocked her clothes backwards like kris kross
i smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
faster than the fat b****
who sat down too fast
c'mere slut!
i don't give a f***,
god sent me to piss the world off!
chorus
hi! my name is..  my name is.. my name is..  slim shady
hi! my name is..  my name is.. my name is..  slim shady
my english teacher wanted to have sex in junior high
the one problem was my english teacher was a guy
i smacked him in his face with an eraser,
chased him with a stapler
and stapled his nuts to a stack of papers
walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
flashed the bartender,
then stuck my d*** in the tip cup
extraterrestrial, killinpedestrians
rapinlesbians while they screamin:
""let's just be friends!""
ninety nine percent of my life i was lied to
i just found out my mom does more dope
than i do i told her i'd grow up to be a famous rapper
make a record about doin drugs
and name it after her you know you blew up when the women
rush your stands
and try to touch your hands
like some screamin usher fans
this guy at white castle asked for my autograph
so i signed it:
""dear dave, thanks for the support, asshole!""
chorus
hi! my name is..  my name is.. my name is..  slim shady
hi! my name is..  my name is.. my name is..  slim shady
stop the tape!
this kid needs to be locked away! dr. dre, don't just stand there, operate!
i'm not ready to leave,
it's too scary to die i'll have to be carried inside the cemetery
and buried alive
am i comin or goin?
i can barely decide
i just drank a fifth of vodka   
dare me to drive? all my life i was very deprived
i ain't had a woman in years,
and my palms
are too hairy to hide
clothes ripped like the incredible hulk
i spit when i talk,
i'll f*** anything that walks when i was little
i used to get so hungry i would throw fits
how you gonna breast feed me mom?
you ain't got no tits!
i lay awake and strap myself in the bed
put a bulleproof vest on
and shoot myself in the head
i'm steamin mad and by the way when you see my dad?
tell him that i slit his throat,
in this dream i had
chorus
hi! my name is..  my name is.. my name is..  slim shady
hi! my name is..  my name is.. my name is..  slim shady"
"where's my snare?
i have no snare on my headphones
there you go, yeah, yo yo
have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
i have, i've been protested and demonstrated against
picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
sick as the mind of the motherf***ing kid that's behind
all this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans explodin'
tempers flarin' from parents just blow 'em off and keep goin'
not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as i'm breathin'
keep kickin' ass in the mornin' and takin' names in the evenin'
leaving with a taste as sour as vinegar in their mouth
see they can trigger me but they'll never figure me out
look at me now, i betcha probably sick of me now
ain't you mama? i 'ma make you look so ridiculous now
i'm sorry mama, i never meant to hurt you
i never meant to make you cry
but tonight, i'm cleanin' out my closet
one more time
i said, ""i'm sorry mama, i never meant to hurt you
i never meant to make you cry
but tonight i'm cleanin out my closet, ha""
i got some skeletons in my closet and i don't know if no one knows it
so before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
i'm a expose it, i'll take you back to '73
before i ever had a multi platinum sellin' cd
i was a baby maybe i was just a couple of months
my f***** father must've had his panties up in a bunch
'cause he split, i wonder if he even kissed my goodbye
no i don't, on second thought i just f***in' wished he would die
i look at hailie and i couldn't picture leaving her side
even if i hated kim, i'd grit my teeth and i'd try to make it work wit her
at least for hailie's sake, i maybe made some mistakes
but i'm only human but i'm man enough to face 'em today
what i did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
but the smartest shit i did was take the bullets outta that gun
'cause i'd of killed 'em, shit i would've shot kim and them both
it's my life, i'd like to welcome y'all to the eminem show
i'm sorry mama, i never meant to hurt you
i never meant to make you cry
but tonight, i'm cleanin' out my closet
one more time
i said, ""i'm sorry mama, i never meant to hurt you
i never meant to make you cry
but tonight i'm cleanin' out my closet, ha""
now i would never diss my own mama just to get recognition
take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissin'
but put yourself in my position, just try to envision
witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen
b****in' that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin'
goin' through public housin' systems, victim of munchausen's syndrome
my whole life i was made to believe i was sick when i wasn't
'til i grew up, now i blew up it makes you sick to ya stomach, doesn't it?
wasn't it the reason you made that cd for me, ma?
so you could try to justify the way you treated me, ma?
but guess what, ya gettin' older now and it's cold when yaw lonely
and nathan's growin' up so quick he's going to know that you're phony
and hailie's getting' so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
but you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral
see what hurts me the most, is you won't admit you was wrong
screw this song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom
but how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get
you selfish b****, i hope you f***in' burn in hell for this shit
remember when ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?
well guess what, i am dead, dead to you as can be!
i'm sorry mama, i never meant to hurt you
i never meant to make you cry
but tonight i'm cleanin' out my closet
one more time
i said, ""i'm sorry mama, i never meant to hurt you
i never meant to make you cry
but tonight i'm cleanin' out my closet"""
"yeah
it's my life
my own words i guess
have you ever loved someone so much you'd give an arm for?
not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
when they know they are your heart
and you know you are their armour
and you will destroy anyone who will try to harm her
but what happens when karma turns right around and bites you
and everything you stand for turns on you to spite you
what happens when you become the main source of her pain
""daddy look what i made?""
""dad's gotta go catch a plane""
""daddy where's mommy?
i can't find mommy, where is she?""
i don't know, go play, hailie baby your daddy's busy.
daddy's writin' this song, this song
ain't gon' write itself
i give you one underdog,
you gotta swing by yourself
then turn right around in that song,
and tell her you love her
and put hands on her mother
who's a spittin' image of her
that's slim shady, yeah baby slim shady's crazy
shady made me, but tonight,
shady's rock a by baby
refrão :
and when i'm gone, just carry on don't mourn,
rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
just know that i'm lookin' down on you smiling
and i didn't feel a thing
so baby don't feel no pain,
just smile back
i keep havin' this dream  
i'm pushin' hailie on the swings she keeps screamin'
she don't want me to sing,
""you're makin mommy cry, why,
why's momy crying?""
baby, daddy ain't leavin' no more,
""daddy you're lying,
you always say that, you always say this is the last time,
but you ain't leavin' no more, daddy you're mine!""
she's piling boxes infront of the door
tryin' to block it,
""daddy please daddy don't leave daddy no, stop it!""
goes in her pocket,
pulls out a tiny necklace locket,
it's got a picture,
""this'll keep you safe daddy, take it with you""
i look up, it's just me standin' in the mirror,
these f***in' walls must be talkin
coz man i can hear 'em
they sayin you got
one more chance to do right, and it's tonight,
now go out there and show 'em that you love
'em 'fore its too late
and just as i go to walk out of my bedroom door
it turns to a stage,
they're gone
and the spotlight is on and i'm singin...
refrão
and when i'm gone, just carry on don't mourn,
rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
just know that i'm lookin' down on you smiling
and i didn't feel a thing
so baby don't feel no pain,
just smile back
sixty thousand people, all jumpin' out their seat
the curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
i take a bow, ""and thank you all for comin' out""
they're screamin so loud,
i take one last look at the crowd
i glance down, i don't believe what i'm seein',
""daddy it's me! help mummy
her wrists are bleedin'""
but baby we're in sweden,
how did you get to sweden?!
""i followed you daddy, you told me that you wern't leavin
you lied to me dad,
and now you make mommy sad
and i bought you this coin
it says 'number 1 dad', that's all i wanted
i just wanna give you this coin
i get the point, fine, me and mommy are goin""
but baby wait 
""its too late dad, you made your choice.
now go out there and show 'em
that you love 'em more than us
that's what they want
they want you marshall,
they keep screamin your name,
it's no wonder you can't go to sleep
just take another pill, yeah i bet ya you will
you rap about it. yeah word, ke keep it real""
i hear applause, all this time i couldn't see
how could it be that the curtain is closing on me
i turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it,
put it to my brain, scream 'die shady!' and pop it
the sky darkens, my life flashes,
the plane that i was supposed to be on crashes
and burns to ashes
that's when i wake up, alarm clock's ringin',
there's birds singin', it's spring and
hailie's out side swingin'
i walk right up to kim and kiss her, tell her i miss her
hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister,
almost as if to say 
refrão
and when i'm gone, just carry on don't mourn,
rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
just know that i'm lookin' down on you smiling
and i didn't feel a thing
so baby don't feel no pain,
just smile back"
"whatever..
dre, just let it run
aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit
aiyyo.. this song is for anyone.. f*** it
just shut up and listen, aiyyo..
i sit back with this pack of zig zags and this bag
of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
the most meanest mc on this earth
and since birth i've been cursed with this curse to just curse
and just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
and it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
all this tension dispensin these sentences
gettin this stress that's been eatin me recently off of this chest
and i rest again peacefully ..
but at least have the decency in you
to leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
in the streets when i'm eatin or feedin my daughter
do not come and speak to me ..
i don't know you and no,
i don't owe you a mo therf*** in thing
i'm not mr. n'sync, i'm not what your friends think
i'm not mr. friendly, i can be a prick
if you tempt me my tank is on empty ..
no patience is in me and if you offend me
i'm liftin you 10 feet .. in the air
i don't care who is there and who saw me destroy you
go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
i'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
i'm tired of all you ..
i don't mean to be mean but that's all i can be is just me
chorus: and i am, whatever you say i am
if i wasn't, then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news everyday i am
radio won't even play my jam
cause i am, whatever you say i am
if i wasn't, then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news everyday i am
i don't know, it's just the way i am
sometimes i just feel like my father, i hate to be bothered
with all of this nonsense it's constant
and, ""oh, it's his lyrical content  
  the song 'guilty conscience' has gotten such rotten responses""
and all of this controversy circles me
and it seems like the media immediately
points a finger at me ..
so i point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie
or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
when you don't give a f***, when you won't just put up
with the bullshit they pull, cause they full of shit too
when a dude's gettin bullied and shoots up his school
and they blame it on marilyn .. and the heroin
where were the parents at? and look where it's at
middle america, now it's a tragedy
now it's so sad to see, an upper class ci ty
havin this happenin ..
then attack eminem cause i rap this way ..
but i'm glad cause they feed me the fuel that i need for the fire
to burn and it's burnin and i have returned
chorus:and i am, whatever you say i am.
if i wasn't then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am.
radio won't even play my jam.
cause i am, whatever you say i am.
if i wasn't, then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am.
i don't know, it's just the way i am.
i'm so sick and tired of bein admired
that i wish that i would just die or get fired
and dropped from my label and stop with the fables
i'm not gonna be able to top on ""my name is..""
and pigeon holed into some pop py sensation
to cop me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
and i just do not got the patience ..
to deal with these cocky caucasians who think
i'm some wigger who just tries to be black cause i talk
with an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep askin
the same f***in questions ..
what school did i go to, what hood i grew up in
the why, the who what when, the where, and the how
'til i'm grabbin my hair and i'm tearin it out
cause they drivin me crazy .. i can't take it
i'm racin, i'm pacin, i stand and i sit
and i'm thankful for ev ery fan that i get
but i can't take a shit, in the bathroom
without someone standin by it
no i won't sign your autograph
you can call me an asshole i'm glad
chorus: and i am, whatever you say i am.
if i wasn't, then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am.
radio won't even play my jam.
cause i am, whatever you say i am.
if i wasn't, then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am.
i don't know, it's just the way i am."
"we touch, i feel a rush
we clutch, it isn't much
but it's enough to make me wonder
what's in store for us
it's lust, it's torturous
you must be a sorceress cause you just
did the impossible
gain my trust, don't play games it'll be dangerous
if you f*** me over
cause if i get burnt, i'ma show you what it's
like to hurt
cause i been treated like dirt before ya
and love is evil
spell it backwards i'll show ya
nobody knows me, i'm cold
walk down this road all alone
it's no one's fault but my own
it's the path i've chosen to go
frozen as snow, i show no emotion whatsoever so
don't ask me why,
i have no love for these muf***in' hoes
bloodsuckin succubus, what the f*** is up with this
i've tried in this department
but i ain't had no luck with this
it sucks but it's exactly what i thought it would be
like tryin' to start over
i gotta hole in my heart
i'm some kind of emotional roller coaster
somethin' i won't go on
til you toy with my emotion so it's over
it's like an explosion, every time i hold ya
wasn't jokin' when i told ya
ya take my breathe away
you're a supernova... and i'm a
i'ma space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
and i'm aiming right at you
right at you
250 thousand miles on a clear night in june
and i'm aiming right at you
right at you
right at you
i'll do whatever it takes
when i'm with you, i get the shakes
my body aches when i ain't
with you i have zero strength
there's no limit on how far i would go
no boundaries, no lengths
why do we say that
until we get that person that we think's
gonna be that one and then once we get 'em,
it's never the same
you want them when they don't want you
soon as they do, feelings change
it's not a contest and i ain't on no conquest for no mate
i wasn't looking
but i stumbled onto you, must've been fate
but so much is at stake, what the f*** does it take
let's cut to the chase
but a door shuts in your face
promise me if i cave in and break
and leave myself open
that i won't be makin' a mistake, cause i'm a
i'ma space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
and i'm aiming right at you
right at you
250 thousand miles on a clear night in june
and i'm aiming right at you
right at you
right at you
so after a year and 6 months
it's no longer me that you want
but i love you so much it hurts
never mistreated you once
i poured my heart out to you
let down my guard, swear to god
i'll blow my brains in your lap
lay here and die in your arms
drop to my knees and i'm pleading
i'm trying to stop you from leaving
you won't even listen, so f*** it
i'm trying to stop you from breathing
i put both hands on your throat
i sit on top of you, squeezing
til i snap ya neck like a popsicle stick
ain't no possible reason, i could think of
to let you walk up out this house, and let you live
tears streamed down both of my cheeks
then i let you go and just give
and before i put that gun to my temple
i told you this
and i would've do anything for you
to show you how much i adored you
but it's over now
it's too late to save our love
just promise me you'll think of me every time
you look up in the sky and see a star cause i'm a
space bound rocket ship and your heart's the moon
and i'm aiming right at you
right at you
250 thousand miles on a clear night in june
and i'm so lost without you
without you
without you"
"yeah
you know i've been around for a while now
not sure if i have much left to prove
yeah, i do, haha
i look at me now i'm thinkin, ""damn""
how proud of me i am
what i did, it's nothin' to sneeze at
even if your allergies are bad
i'm up in a balcony in france
i look around, i see the fans
how they surround me in the stands
probably could drown in a sea of hands
they hollerin', ""shady""
yellin' it out to me and that's what i mean when i say
that one day someway, somehow, if i get a chance to get a crowd
i'll flip it around and have a crowd give me the chance
i've done it all, man
but in actuality i haven't, yet
where am i supposed to go from here? oh hey, oh oh oh
really i have no idea
all i know it's every time i think i hit my ceiling
i go higher than i've ever f***in' been
where am i supposed to go from here? oh hey, oh oh oh
really i have no idea
all i know it's every time i think i hit my ceiling
i go higher than i've ever f***in' been
got no time for no haters in this b****
or toleration for this shit
but like medication, my dedication
and the time it takes to do this shit
reminds me of how an overcrowded hospital waitin' room'll get
but i mean it's maybe i have more patience than i'm able to admit
yeah, but i'm still mentally stable as a three legged table in this b****
fame was a switch but i was grateful to trade that shit for the trailer with the hitch
thought it would made me a ravin' lunatic
but i made it through to my situation, i hit pay dirt
now i get paper like a stapler in this b****
but just 'cause i made a little bit of change
don't mean i've changed a little bit
brain full of wit, dangerous, can't extinguish this english language when it's lit
now i'm just paradin', you would still get shady 'til i'm eighty
to i spit this crazy, even grady knows i'ma blow
better get the handkerchief again, haha
where am i supposed to go from here? oh hey, oh oh oh
really i have no idea
all i know it's every time i think i hit my ceiling
i go higher than i've ever f***in' been
where am i supposed to go from here? oh hey, oh oh oh
really i have no idea
all i know it's every time i think i hit my ceiling
i go higher than i've ever f***in' been
oh, now what am i gonna do?
can't nothing hold me i'm on the loose
born a winner, damn it's so hard to lose
i can do it and do it, when i'm tryin' to
when my records flop they still go through the roof
this atmosphere's for a chosen few
who was on their grind, to get money moves
and you ain't gon' get that if you want it down
you gotta take shots with 100 proof
check that
been in survival mode
since a five year old, it was i alone
since my trike was stole, spiral notebook and microphone
but lookin' back how bad it was then
if it hadn't been for the pad and the pen
addict mom and deadbeat dad
i wouldn't have the savage within
havin' to win, every single battle i'm in
all i ever wanted was to be an mc
tediously i wrote obediently, believing in me
epmd must've had teachin' degrees
learn to defeat enemies with the ink, thinkin' of these rhymes
would be as easy as eatin' graffiti
would be like remedial readin' to me 'til my last breath leave my lungs, i'ma beat my drums for the streets i'm from the east side slums gotta read, mind numb i take a foe out  , like fee fi fum
you see my finger  , you see my thumb you see my fist, f*** a peach pipe bum for the smoke but it's not the weed i want with this beat i brought for the beef i come but you better bring it if you wanna reply from
'cause for you to be lyrically inclined, it'd be a steep climb up
that'll be an uphill battle
but i'm off kickin' feet in the recliner
and i think i'm up
'bout to go out on a limb like a tree climber
time to push my ceiling higher 'cause
where am i supposed to go from here? oh hey, oh oh oh
really i have no idea
all i know it's every time i think i hit my ceiling
i go higher than i've ever f***in' been
where am i supposed to go from here? oh hey, oh oh oh
really i have no idea
all i know it's every time i think i hit my ceiling
i go higher than i've ever f***in' been"
"okay
guess who's back, back again
shady's back, tell a friend
now everyone report to the dance floor
to the dance floor, to the dance floor
now everyone report to the dance floor
alright stop! pajama time
come here little kiddies, on my lap
guess who's back with a brand new rap
and i don't mean rap
as in a new case of child molestation accusation
aah aah aah aah aah
no worries, poppa's got a brand new bag of toys
what else could i possibly do to make noise?
i done touched on everything, but little boys
that's not a stab at michael
that's just a metaphor, i'm just psycho
i go a little bit crazy sometimes
i get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
good god, dip, do a little slide
bend down, touch your toes and just glide
up the center of the dance floor
like teepee from my bung hole in the school
if you let one go
nobody's gonna know who'd hear it
give a little ""poot poot"", it's ok oops my cd just skipped
and everyone just heard you let one rip
chorus
now i'm gonna make you dance
it's your chance
yeah boy shake that ass
whops i mean girl, girl girl girl
girl you know you're my world
alright now lose it just lose it go crazy oh baby oh baby baby 
it's friday and it's my day
used to party all the way to sunday
maybe till monday, i don't know what day
everyday's just a holiday
crusin' on the freeway
feelin' kinda breezy
get the top down, let my hair blow
i don't know where i'm goin'
all i know is when i get there
someone's gonna ""touch my body""
excuse me miss, i don't mean to sound like a jerk
but i'm feel just a little stressed out from work
could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair
spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out
now what's your name girl?
what's your sign?
 man, you must be up out your mind
 dre beer goggles blind
i'm just trying to unwind, now i'm
chorus
now i'm gonna make you dance
it's your chance
yeah boy shake that ass
whops i mean girl, girl girl girl
girl you know you're my world
alright now lose it just lose it go crazy oh baby oh baby baby 
it's tuesday and i'm locked up
i'm in jail and i don't know what happened
they say i was running butt naked
down the street screaming... well i'm sorry, i don't remember
all i know is this much
i'm not guilty
they said save it 'fore we catch you on tape
now an old lady, touch my body
now this is the part where the rap breaks down
it's really intense, no one makes a sound
everything looks like it's ""8 mile"" now
the beat comes back and everybody lose yourself and
snap back to reality look it's b rabbit
and you signed me up to battle?
i'm a grown man
chuba chuba chuba chuba chuba chuba chuba
i don't have any lines to go right here so
chuba chuba chuba fellas what? fellas what?
grab you left nut, make right one jealous what?
black girls, white girls, skinny girls
fat girls, tall girls, small girls
i'm calling all girls
everyone report to the dance floor
it's your chance for a little romentor
butt squeezin' it's the season
just go... it's so appealing
chorus
now i'm gonna make you dance
it's your chance
yeah boy shake that ass
whops i mean girl, girl girl girl
girl you know you're my world
alright now lose it just lose it go crazy oh baby oh baby baby 
mm touch my body
mm touch my body
ooh boy just touch my body
i mean girl just touch my body"
"marshall, sounds like an s.o.s.
holy wack, unlyrical lyrics andre, you're f***in' right
to the rapmobile, let's go!
marshall! marshall!
b****es and gentleman, it's showtime!
hurry, hurry step right up!
introducing the star of our show, his name is...
marshall!
you wouldn't wanna be anywhere else in the world right now
so without further or do, i bring to you...
marshall!
you're 'bout to witness hip hop in its most purest
most rawest form flow, almost flawless
most hardest, most honest, known artist
chip off the old block but old doc' is back
looks like batman brought his own robin
oh god, saddam's got his own laden
wit' his on private plane, his own pilot
set to blow college dorm room doors off the hinges
oranges, peach, pears, plums syringes yeah here i come
i'm inches away from you, dear fear none
hip hop is in a state of 911 so...
chorus 2x
let's get down to business
i don't got no time to play around what is this
must be a circus in town,
let's shut the shit down on these clowns
can i get a witness?
hell yeah!
quick gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles
gee willikers, dre, holy bat syllables
look at all the bullshit that goes on in gotham
when i'm gone
time to get rid of these rap criminals
so skip to your lou while i do what i do best
you ain't even impressed no more, you're used to it
flows too wet, nobody close to it
nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit
the most hated on out of all those
who say they get hated on in eighty songs
and exaggerate it all, so much they make it all up,
there's no such thing
like a female with good looks, who cooks and cleans
it just means so much more to so much more
people when you're rappin' and you know what for,
the show must go on
so i'd like to welcome y'all to marshall and andre's carnival,
come on! now...
chorus
let's get down to business
i don't got no time to play around what is this
must be a circus in town,
let's shut the shit down on these clowns
can i get a witness?
hell yeah!
it's just like old times, the dynamic duo
two old friends, why panic?
you already know who's fully capable, the two capped heroes
dial straight down the center 8 0 0
you can even call collect, the most feared duet
since me and elton, played career russian roulette
and never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat
people stepping over people
just to rush to the set
just to get to see an mc who breathes so freely,
ease over these beats and be so breezy
jesus how can shit be so easy?
how can one chandra be so levy?
turn on these beats mc's don't see me
believe me, bet and mtv
are gonna grieve when we leave, dawg fo' sheezy
can't leave rap alone the game needs me
till we grow beards, get weird,
and disappear into the mountains
nothing but clowns down here
but we, ain't f***ing around 'round here
yo dre!
what up?
can i get a hell?
hell yeah!
chorus
let's get down to business
i don't got no time to play around what is this
must be a circus in town,
let's shut the shit down on these clowns
can i get a witness?
hell yeah!
so now you have it folks
marshall!
... has come to save the day
back with his friend andre
and to remind you that bullshit does not pay because...
marshall!
and andre are here to stay and never go away
until our dying day,
until we're old and grey
marshall!
so until next time friends
same blonde hair, same rap channel
goodnight everyone, thank you for coming
your host for the evening...
marshall!
oh, hah"
"yo yo, alright, i'm gonna lay the chorus first
here we go now.
my mom loved valium and lots of drugs
and that's why i am like i am cause i'm like her
because my mom loved valium and lots of drugs
that's why i on what i on cause i'm my mom.
my mom my mom i know youre probably tired of hearing about my mom oh ho! whoa ho!
but this is just a story of when i was just a shorty and how i became hooked on va al ya hum
valium was in everything food that i ate,
the water that i drank f***ing peas on my plate,
she sprinkled just enough of it to sea son my steak,
so everyday i have at least three stomach aches,
now tell me what kind of mother would want to see her
son grow up to be an under a undera f***in chiever,
my teacher didn’t think i was going be nothing either,
what the f*** you sticking gum up under the f***ing seat for?
mrs. mathers your son has been huffing ether,
either that or the mother f***ers been puffing reefer,
but all this huffing and puffing wasn’t what it was either,
it was neither i was buzzing but it wasn’t what she thought,
pee in a tea cup? b**** you aint my keeper, im sleeping,
what the f*** you keep on f***ing with me for?
slut you need to leave me the f*** alone i aint playing,
go find you a white crayon and color a f***ing zebra.
my mom love valium and lots of drugs,
that why i am like i am cause i’m like her,
because my mom love valium and lots of drugs,
that why i’m on what i’m on cause i’m my mom.
wait a minute this aint dinner this is paint thinner,
you ate it yesterday i aint hear no complaints did i?
now here’s a plate full of pain killers now just wait till i crush the valium and put it in your potatoes you little mother f***er ill make you sit there and make that r*****ed f***ing face without even tasting it, you better lick the f***ing plate you aint wasting it,
put your face in it before i throw you in the basement again,
and i aint giving in, your gonna just sit there in one f***ing place spinning again till next thanksgiving and if you still aint finished it i use the same shit again then when i make spinach dip it will be placed into shit, you little shit want to sit there and play innocent, a rack fell and hit me at k mart and they witnessed it, child support, your father he aint slipped us shit and so what if he did that aint none of your dang business kid.
my mom there's noone else quite like my mom
i know why should let bygones be bygones
but she's the reason why i am high but i'm high on cause.
my mom love valium and lots of drugs,
that why i am like i am cause i’m like her,
because my mom love valium and lots of drugs,
that why i’m on what i’m on cause i’m my mom.
my mom loved valium now all i am
is a party animal, i am what i am
but i'm strong to be finished wit' me val ium spinach
but my bars only last about two minutes
but i don't wanna swallow it without you in it
i can't even write a rhyme without you in it
my valium, my vaaa eh elll liummmmm maaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnn.
man i never though that i could ever be
a drug addict nah, f*** that i can't have it happen to me
but that's actually what has ended up happenin, a tragedy
i'm f***in passin it up catchin me
and it's probably where i got acquainted with the taste ain't it?
pharmaceuticals of the bomb i'm beautiful
secure the f***in dog with the medicine she done fed it
feed it a f***in aspirin and say that it has a headache
here want a snack, you hungry you f***in rat
look at that, it's a zanex, take it and take a nap
eat it, but i don't need it, well f*** it then brake it up
take a little piece and beat it before you wake nathan up
all right ma you win, i don't feel like arguin
i'll do it, pop and gobble it and start wobblin
stumble hobble tumble slip drip then i fall in bed
with a bottle of meds and a heath ledger bobblehead.
my mom love valium and lots of drugs,
that why i am like i am cause i’m like her,
because my mom love valium and lots of drugs,
that why i’m on what i’m on cause i’m my mom.
my mom i'm just like her
my mom my mom my mom x2
my mom my mom my mom, my mom, my momma
meh mommeh, eh likah momma.
ha ha, sorry mom, still love you though
dr. dre 2010, hey this shit is hella hard homie
yo take us on outta here.
by: m.r.b"
"these ideas are nightmares to white parents
whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair
and who likes earrings
like whatever they say has no bearing,
it's so scary
in a house that allows no swearing
to see him walking around with his headphones blaring
alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
he's a problem child
and what bothers him all comes out, when he talks about
his f***in' dad walkin' out
'cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out
if he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
his thoughts are whacked,
he's mad so he's talkin' back
talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
he sags his pants, do rags and a stocking cap
his step father hit him, so he socked him back,
and broke his nose
his house is a broken home,
there's no control,
he just let's his emotions go...
, sing with me, , sing for the years
, sing for the laughter, sing for the tears, {c'mon)
sing it with me, just for today,
maybe tomorrow the good lord will take you away...
entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsta's
in the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
holy or unholy, only have one homie
only this gun, lonely cause don't anyone know me
yet everybody just feels like they can relate,
i guess words are a mothaf***a
they can be great or they can degrade,
or even worse they can teach hate
it's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
like they worship us,
plus all the stores ship us platinum
now how the f*** did this metamorphosis happen
from standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
to havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
but then these critics crucify you,
journalists try to burn you
fans turn on you,
attorneys all want a turn at you
to get they hands on every dime you have,
they want you to lose your mind every time you mad
so they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
that's why these prosecutors wanna convict me,
strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
but all their kids be listenin' to me religiously,
so i'm signin' cd's while police fingerprint me
they're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
if i'm such a f***in' menace, this shit doesn't make sense pete
it's all political,
if my music is literal, and i'm a criminal
how the f*** can i raise a little girl
i couldn't, i wouldn't be fit to
you're full of shit too, guerrera,
that was a fist that hit you...
they say music can alter moods and talk to you
well can it load a gun up for you, and cock it too?
well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
just tell the judge it was my fault and i'll get sued
see what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
and they want to get one cause they think the shit's cool
not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves,
we entertainers!
of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus!
but music is reflection of self, we just explain it,
and then we get our checks in the mail
it's f***ed up, ain't it?
how we can come from practically nothing
to being able to have any f***in' thing that we wanted
that's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
except for a dream, and a f***in' rap magazine
who post pin up pictures on their walls all day long
idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs
or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe
we're nothin' to you but we're the f***in' shit in they eyes
that's why we seize the moment
try to freeze it and own it,
squeeze it and hold it
cause we consider these minutes golden
and maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
just let our spirits live on
through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can..."
"just the two of us
baby your da da loves you and i'ma always be here for you no matter what happens
you're all i got in this world
i would never give you up for nothin'
nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
i love you
c'mon hai hai, we goin to the beach
grab a couple of toys
and let da da strap you in the car seat
oh where's mama? she's takin a little nap in the trunk
oh that smell da da musta runned over a skunk
now i know what you're thinkin
it's kind of late to go swimmin
but you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way
she'll throw a fit
don't play with da da's toy knife, honey
let go of it and don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
don't you wanna help da da build a sand castle? and mama said she wants to show you
how far she can float
and don't worry about that little boo boo on her throat
it's just a little scratch   it don't hurt
her was eatin dinner
while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
mama's messy isn't she?
we'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?
just the two of us
and when we ride!
just the two of us
just you and i!
just the two of us
and when we ride!
just the two of us
just you and i!
see honey... there's a place called heaven
and a place called hell
a place called prison and a place called jail
and da da's probably on his way to all of them
except one
cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
and you don't want a brother do ya? maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
i'll explain it to ya
but for now we'll just say
mama was real real bad
she was bein mean to dad
and made him real real mad
but i still feel sad that i put her on time out
sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out
i told you it's okay hai hai, wanna ba ba?
take a night night? nan a boo, goo goo ga ga?
her make goo goo ca ca? da da change your dia dee
clean the baby up so her can take a nighty nighty
your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
ninety seven bonnie and clyde, me and my daughter
just the two of us
and when we ride!
just the two of us
just you and i!
just the two of us
and when we ride!
just the two of us
just you and i!
wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin
in her ear that's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
da da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
here, you wanna help da da tie a rope
around this rock? we'll tie it to her footsie
then we'll roll her off the dock
ready now, here we go, on the count of free
one... two... free... whee! there goes mama, spwashin in the wa ta
no more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
no more step da da, no more new brother
blow her kisses bye bye
tell mama you love her now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
but first, just help dad
with two more things out the trunk
just the two of us
and when we ride!
just the two of us
just you and i!
just the two of us
and when we ride!
just the two of us
just you and i!
just the two of us
just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
just me and you
your da da will always be there for you
your da da's always gonna love you
remember that
if you ever need me i'ma always be here for you
if you ever need anything, just ask
da da will be right there
your da da loves you
i love you baby"
"too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life
too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life
too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life
yeah, i can't keep chasing you
taking my life back
caught in a chase
25 to life
i dont think she understands the sacrifices that i've made
maybe if this b**** had acted right, i would've stayed
but i've already wasted over half of my life,
i would've laid
down and died for you, i no longer cry for you
no more pain b**** you
took me for granted took my heart
and ran it straight into the planet
into the dirt, i can no longer stand it
now my respect, i demand it
imma take control of this relationship
command it, and imma be the boss of you now goddamnit
and what i mean
is that i will no longer let you control me
so you better hear me out this much you owe me
i gave up my life for you,
totally devoted to you while i've stayed
paved for all the way, this is how i f***ing get repaid
look at how i dress f***ing baggy sweats,
go to work a mess
always in a rush to get back to you,
i ain't heard you yet
not even once say you appreciate me,
i deserve respect
i've done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness
and i know that if i end this, i'll no longer have nothing left
but you keep treating me like a staircase,
it's time to f***ing step
and i won't be coming back,
so don't hold your f***ing breath
you know what you've done no need to go in depth
i told you, you'd be sorry if i f***ing left
i'd laugh while you wept
how's it feel now, yeah, funny ain't it,
you neglected me
did me a favor though my spirit free you've set
but a special place for you in my heart i have kept
it's unfortunate but it's
too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life
too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life
i feel like when i bend over backwards for you,
all you do is laugh
cause that ain't good enough,
you expect me to fold myself in half
til' i snap, don't think i'm loyal?, all i do is rap
how can i moonlight on the side
i have no life outside of that
don't i give you enough of my time
you don't think so do you?
jealous when i spend time with the girls
why i'm married to you still man i don't know
but tonight i'm serving you with papers,
i'm divoricing you
go marry someone else and make 'em famous
and take away their freedom like you did to me
treat 'em like you don't need them,
and they ain't worthy of you
feed 'em the same shit you made me eat
i'm moving on forget you oh, now i'm special?
i ain't felt special when i was with you
all i ever felt was this helplessness
imprisoned by a selfish b****
chew me up and spit me out
i fell for this so many times, it's ridiculous
and still i stick with this
i'm sick of this,
but in my my sickness and addiction
you're addictive as they get
evil as they come, vindictive as they make 'em
my friends keep asking
why i can't just walk away from
i'm addicted, to the pain, the stress, the drama
i'm torn in,
so i guess imma mess, cursed and blessed
but this time i ain't changing my mind
i'm climbing out this abyss
you screaming as i walk out that i'll be missed
but when you spoke of people
who meant the most to you
you left me off your list, f*** you hip hop
i'm leaving you,
my life sentence is served b**** and it's just
too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life
too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life
too late
caught in a chase
25 to life"
"ohh ohhh
oh oh ohohh ohhh
ohhh
oh oh ohohh ohh
oohh
oh oh oh ohohohh
woahh
there is no escaping there's no place to hideyou scream someone save mebut they don't pave no mind good bye
your walkin down a horror corridor
it's almost 4 in the mornin'
and your in a
nightmare
it's horrible
right there's the corinor
waitin for you
to turn the corner
so he can corner ya
your a goner
he's ona ya
out the corner of his cornea
he just saw you run
all you want is to rest
cause you can't run anymore
your done
all he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
while everybody
is watchin in the party applauding it
here i sit while i'm caught up in deep thought again
contemplading my next plot again
swallowin a colata pin
while i'm noddin
in and out on the autumn and
if the ramada inn
holdin onto the pill bottle then
stick my finger and swirl it round the bottom
and make sure i got all of it
wake up naked at mcdonalds
with
blood all over me
dead bodies
behind the counter
shit
guess i must of just blacked out again
not again
it's 3 a.m in the mornin
put my key in the door
there's bodies layin all of the floor and
i don't remember how they got there but i guess i must
have killed em
killed em
i said
it's 3 am in the mornin
put my key in the door
there's bodies layin all of the floor and
i don't remember how they got there but i guess i must
of killed em
killed em
sitting nude in my living room
it's almost noon
i wonder what's on the tube
maybe they'll show some boobs
surfing every channel
until i find hannah montana
then i reach for the aloe and lanalin
bust all over the wall panel and dismantlin
every candle on top of the fire place
mantalin
grab my flannel and my bandana then
kiss the naked manakin man again
you can see him standin in my
front window
if you look in
i'm just a hooligan
who's use to usin hallicinogens
causin illusions again
brain contusions again
cutting and bruising the skin
raise the scissors and pins
jesus when does it end
phases that i go through
dazed and not so confused
days that i don't know who
gave these molecules too
me
what am i gone do
hey the prodical son
the diabolical one
very mythogical
when i slaughtered them
it's 3 a.m in the mornin
put my key in the door
there's bodies layin all of the floor and
i don't remember how they got there but i guess i must
have killed em
killed em
i said
it's 3 am in the mornin
put my key in the door
there's bodies layin all of the floor and
i don't remember how they got there but i guess i must
of killed em
killed em
she puts the lotion in the bucket
he puts the lotion on the skin
or else it gets the hose again
she puts the lotion in the bucket
he puts the lotion on the skin
or else it gets the hose again
i cut and i slash slice and gash
last night was a blast
i can't quite remember when i
had that much fun
off a half pint fifth of jack
my last vic and a half
a flashlight
up kim kardashians ass
i remember the first time
i dismembered a family member
december i think it was
i was having drinks with my cuz
and i wrapped him
in christmas lights
pushed him into the stinkin tub
cut him up into pieces
then just when i went to drink his
blood
i thought i outta drink this bath water
that outta be fun
that's when my days of serial murder man slaughter
begun
the sight of blood excites me
that might be an artery son
your blood coverin screams
just don't seem to bother me none
it's 3 am
and here i come
so you should probably run
a secret passage way around here
man there's got to be one
oh no there's probably none
he can scream all that he wants
top of his lungs
it ain't no stoppin me from choppin him up
cause it's 3 a.m in the mornin
put my key in the door
there's bodies layin all of the floor and
i don't remember how they got there but i guess i must
have killed em
killed em
i said
it's 3 am in the mornin
put my key in the door
there's bodies layin all of the floor and
i don't remember how they got there but i guess i must
have killed em
killed em
yooo a yoooo yooo a yoooo yooo a yoooo yooo a yoooo "
"was i born to lose
c'mon muthaf***er pick and choose
between win or lose
baby shoes, high heeled shoes
interviews, or kangaroos
skatin down f***in avenues
wit you bag full of barbecues
and suddenly i blow a fuse
god she said i look like a porcupine
would it be better if i took a hike with frankenstein
maybe i'll start thinking of giving my bike to
palestine
meet my friend brit
she get real pissed off when muthaf***ers ain't feelin her shit
she'll make you bleed if you f*** around with her per fit
you see her walkin round, clit ring and all,
talkin your skit
k that's enuff for one verse
i don't think i cud've done no worse
so let me give you one of those that i put real well,
gun curse
that's part of my story, if you wanna be firm
brit'll put it down your pants, yea the earthworm
don't wanna be sorry, don't eat the bad germ
if you do, just drink the pachiderm
can my songs really make you get up and
dance
well if they can, stay seated and take you cup to
france
i think that b**** still wants that f***in poppin chance
think of 50, dre, and eminem
they all battled and got succes and fame
f*** benzino
he called my man slim a feminem, see now
i never really had much 'pac influence
me had m.mathers and used it awful fluent
part of my life i was taught in fight and anger
my people won't let me hide my middle finder
but everyday i teach the good things
to my little sista's
they only 2,3 years younger than me
but still need my help to be succesful in life, you see
and you really shud be givin that punch rite to me
you think i'm violent
well think again,
if you want i'll let you alone in the silent
with my shit and weed i get high and thow a fit to
anyone that gets close to my hand
my parents announced they were gonna get a divorce
it just became a lot worse
the whole opposite of me doin a verse
with a bunny or a horse
in fact, what i had i'll never get it back
i'll always have this sick mind in me
but what the f***, just let my shit be
there's a bug walkin 'long my ceilin
i ain't really fellin
yea that or this muthaf***in beatin
i luv ya'll
f*** me"
"i'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless
patrolling corners
looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
i'm meaner in action
than rosco beating james tarteenyer
and smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
i grew up in the wild hood
as a hazardous youth
with a f***ed up childhood
that i used as an excuse
and aint shit changed
but kept the same mindstate
since the third time that i failed 9th grade
you probably think that i'm a negative person don't be so sure of it
i don't promote violence i just encourage it
i laugh at the sight of death
as i fall down a cement flight of steps
and land inside a bed of spider webs
so throw caution to the wind
you and a friend
can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
shit, why not? blow your brain out
i'm blowing mine out
f*** it, you only live once you might as well die now
it's only fair to warn
i was born with a set of horns
and metaphors attached to my damn umbulical cord
warlord of rap little bastard with a two by four board
that smashed into your honda accord
with a 4 door ford
but a more toward  droppin an accapella
the choppa  fella
the mozarella
worse than a hellacopta propella
got you locked in the cella
with your skeleton showing
developing anorexia
while i'm standin next to ya
eating a full course meal watching you starve to death
with an iv in your veins
feeding you liquid darvicet
pumping you full of drugs
pull the plugs
on the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs
who were picked up in an ambulance
and driven
to receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants
and given
a less than 20 percent chance
of living
have a possible placement
it's a hospital patient
storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement
doctor kevorkian has arrived
to perform an autopsy on you while you scream ""i'm still alive!""
driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp
and pulling your adams apple out through your mouth
better call the fire department
i've hired a arson
to set fire to carpet
and burn up your entire apartment
i'm a liar to start shit got your b**** wrapped around my d***
so tight you need a crobar to pry her apart wit
met a r*****ed kid named greg with a wooden leg
snatched it off and beat him over the f***ing head with the peg
go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40
mixed up with alka seltzer and formula 44d
f*** an acid tab i'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead
wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead
no more said case closed end of discussion
i'm blowin up like spontaneous human combustion
leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
cross the bombas
we blowin up your house killing your parents
and coming back to get your foster mommas
and i'm as good at keeping a promise as nostradamus
cause i aint making no more threats
i'm doing drivebys in tinted corvettes on vietnam war vets
i'm more or less sick in the head
maybe more cause i smoked crack
today, yesterday, and the day before sabbath
walk the block with a labrador
strapit more corral for war than el salvador
foul style galore
verbal cow manure
coming together like the eyebrow on al b. sure"
"eie kyu: now what you know about a sweet mc, from the 313
none of these skills you bout to see come free
so you wanna be a sweet mc, you gotta become me
if you ever wanna be one see
eminem: man what you know about a sweet mc, in the 313
none of these skills you bout to see come free
so you wanna be a sweet mc, you better become me
if you ever wanna be one see
verse 1: eye kyu
yo some people say i'm whack, now if that's right
i'm the freshest whack mc that you ever heard, in your lifetime
my slick accapella sounds clever with the beats
boy i'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets
forgot a gold digger's succubus, my souls thick with ruggedness
with the mic i'm like a dyke, can't no n**** f*** with this
i got more different strokes than philip drummound
on open mic i bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming we elevated to new heights premeditated
let it be that i stated they hate it now that they see that i made it
the escalated can be put to the test of greatness
snatch the heart from mc's and i ate it
so i take it that's the reason i'm hated
to represent my temperment
if rap was a d*** all you so called hard mc's would not be impitant
but pimping it, and acting like you could rock a show harder than ll's rock the bells, but you is a ho everything that you collaborate i lacerate
my rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate
at a faster rate, yeah i got something for your ass to hate
i blasterate, and have you all running master gates
and as for face clutching and touching the flows
i got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose
bucking these hoes, i got that shit down to a science
leaving them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance
defiance, no we won't have that
you want your shit to blow up?
well i'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack
and blast that shit to kingdom come
then bring them some of this real hip hop
i drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about
and you all knew from meeko
that you couldn't hold your own with the strength of lou forigno
so stop that bullshit and flow
yo, you need to come with the real skills, and act like you know
chorus: eminem
so what you know about a sweet mc, in the 313
none of these skills you bout to see come free
so you wanna be a sweet mc, you better become me
if you ever wanna be one see
eye kyu: now what you know about a sweet mc, from the 313
none of these skills you bout to see come free
so you wanna be the sweet mc, you gotta become me
if you ever wanna be one see
verse 2: eminem
so what, you know about a sweet mc, in the 313
you don't know shit so when you see one flee
you can be run d, you'll never beat the mc
i'll stop the alphabet at s and got it down to a t
i'm sure your bound to agree, a sweet mc crashes the spot
i'll make the roof hot like i was rock master scott
your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me
i'll run your brain around the block to jog your f***ing memory
it's either them or me man, kill or be killed
you will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed
my facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity
i'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty
if he's acting soft and he cowers
he better come cleaner then jay rue jacking off when he showers
you flowers got no clout with a thing
you could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang
i showered the slang, simple as a,b,c's
skip over the d's and rock the microphone with e's
dethrone mc's and i'ma max alone
relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone
so facts are known, writers get treated with shocks
i rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks
i'm greeted with flocks, of fellow follower's singers
you couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their
fingers
but you can bring yours let's see what you got
but don't front and never try to be what you're not
cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back
and f*** jill on a hill, but you still ain't jack
chorus: eye kyu
so what you know about a sweet mc, from the 313
none of these skills you just seen come free
so you wanna be a sweet mc, you'll never become me
so you ain't ever gonna be one see
eminem: so what you know about a sweet mc, in the 313
none of these skills that you just seen come free
so you wanna be a sweet mc, you'll never become me
so you ain't ever gonna be one see"
"chorus yo i'm tryin' to be the man of the day
three six five a year
see the bullshit you sayin', skam ain't tryin' to hear bustin lyrics in the air
keepin' some up in the chamber
[
eminem] yo skam, what the f*** you doin'?
 man, i'm releasin' anger
i'm tryin' to be the illest of the day
three six five a year
see that bullshit you sayin', shady ain't tryin' to hear
spittin lyrics in your ear
keepin' some up in the chamber
 aiyo shady what the f*** you doin'?
 i'm releasin' anger
man i'm tired of bein' tired, every time i wake up
tired of these fake ducks, tired of bein' late for the bus
tired of all be blendin', and endin' up datin' sluts
so my facial expression stay stuck up, and shut the f*** up!
to the pity ass rappers, that ain't shit with out make up, wake up
gold diggin' b****es, the buck stops here
the road to riches is closed for repair
so if the shoe ain't fittin', girl leave that shit alone
you ain't erykah badu, what i look like tyrone?
i rip your tissue out your ear
spittin' like i don't care
my hair look like i ain't come it, shit a damn near year
so i burn, zig zag, i leave the next man with his heels up
brain dead, and be reincarnated at a speed bump
when we done we stay hard, so you don't land shit
suck skam's d***, off of what a dead man spit
yo that's it, i don't plan shit, you know how we go down
they need to slow down, and take a look who the hoe now
at every industry party, gettin' so damn drunk
can't remember the lass ass you kissed, or d*** you sucked
remind me of my ex, in the street got me veck
tryin' to roll up on miami, leavin' with a broke neck
oh shit, leathal lyric equal land mind
i be stackin' up white rappers like i'm throwin' gas signs
and i'm, buck wild exposin' the plain truth
you couldn't mess with me, f***in' shit up in the same room
hey you, i don't know you but f*** it, let me get a dollar
for this bad car, that go along with the breath
some show the mad bomb, and steal the show like a theft
cause in miami, the baby jammin like three up in the chamber
 yo skam what the f*** you doin'?
chorus
some people say i'm strange, i tell them ain't shit change
i'm still the same lame asshole with a different name
became late to the last show with a different dane
brain ate from the last ode that i sniffed the cane
yo know your spaced the f*** out like george lucas
when your pukus, turnin to yellow with orange mucus
so when i grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers
i'm not a rapper, i'm a demon who speaks english
freak genuis, too extreme for the weak and squeamish
burn you alive till you screamin to be extinguished
cause when i drop the science, motherf***ers tell me to stop the violence
start a fire and block the hydrants
i'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than
so when slim gets this m 16 burstin
you gettin spun backwards like every word of obscene cursin
on the b side of my first single with the clean version
stoppin your short life when you still a teen virgin
unless you get a kidney specimen from a spleen surgeon
in the best hospital possible for emergency surgery
to try to stop the blood from your rushin sternly eternally
i'll take it back before we do each others name
run in a ultrasound and snatch you out your mothers frame
i'll take it further back than that
back to lovers lane, to the night you were started
cock block your fathers game
i'll plead the fifth like my drawers were muzzled
so suck my d*** while i take a shit and do this crossword puzzle
and when i'm down with ten seconds left, then to hope out
i'ma throw a head but so hard, i'll knock us both out
chorus"
"verse 1
you probably gonna think that i'm talking
about you and you goddamn right i am
look at you, this is the minimal i could diss you
subliminally, but i think criminal instinct
has pushed me to the brink, my p**** does it stink
he still loves me cause he puts me in his ink
he does, doesn't he, still is, isn't he?
nah, i'm just playing tug of war with his heart
cause he misses me
i can still f*** him and leave him whenever i feel frisky
and is no risk of disease cause he ain't with anyone is he?
this b**** really thinks she can get me
if she still wants me, driving across country
strapped up to the front seat, missing all her front teeth
thinking to herself when's the next time
he's gonna punch me?
i told this c*** she's gonna over do it once
and once she does, she was stuffed up in a trunk
crunch, he scrunched her up in a ball
bunched up nice and comfy
f*** around get dumped up in a lake 'fore you dump me
you cunning little c***, deceitful witch
you thought you had me, 'till my shrink told me this
hook
the problem is all inside your head she said to me
the answer is easy if you take it logically
i'd like to help you in your struggle to be free
there must be 50 ways to leave your lover
verse 2
i feel like a serial killer i keep dumping bodies in the lake
i'mma get caught and send up the river i shiver
when i think of the company i keep
how do i know she ain't gonna kill me when i sleep
i shriek, every time she hands me something to drink
sex kept us together, when we slept together every thing
was all better, she made me feel like a king
slowly, she began lowering my self esteem
she go to the club and not answer the phone when i call her
and i just bought her a truck for 50, 000 dollars
accused me of doing drugs and scream 'n holla""
then i find a bag of coke on her, some marijuana
and all i know is every time i go
to them hiding spots, wherever she hides her blow
the little bags of dope, there was a pile of coke
that's growing smaller, and that was just a while ago
and i wouldn't even let on like i know
what was i supposed to do, call her out on it, we just argue
say she put it there on purpose and flipped the whole script
ooh she's a manipulative evil b****
a cunning little c***, little deceitful witch
she thought she had me, 'till my shrink told me this
hook
the problem is all inside your head she said to me
the answer is easy if you take it logically
i'd like to help you in your struggle to be free
there must be 50 ways to leave your lover"
"sometimes i just feel like
quittin i still might
why do i put up this fight?
why do i still write?
sometimes it's hard enough just dealin' with real life
sometimes i wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
and show these people what my level of skill's like
but i'm still white
sometimes i just hate life
somethin' ain't right
hit the break lights
in case of the stage fright
draw on the blank light
(da duh duh da da, but if i fall,
it ain't my fault, my insides crawl)
and i clam up i just slam shut
i just can't do it
my whole manhood's just been stripped
i've just been ripped
so i must been dipped
get of the bus then split
man f*** this shit yo
i'm goin the f*** home
world on my shoulders as
i run back to this 8 mile rd.
chorus
i'm a man
i'ma make a new plan
time for me to stand up and travel new land
time for me to just to take matters into my own hands
once i'm over these tracks man
i'ma never look back
and i'm gone
i know where i'm goin
sorry mama i've grown
i must travel alone
ain't no followin no footsteps
i'm makin my own
only way i know how to escape from this 8 mile rd.
walkin these train tracks
tryin to regain back the spirit i have
'fore i go back to the same crap to the same plant
and the same pants
tryin to chase rap
gotta move a.s.a.p.
get a new plan
mama's got a new man
poor little baby sister
she don't understand
sits in front of the tv,
bury's her nose in the pad
and just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand
while she colors her big brother,
her mother, and dad
ain't no tellin what really goes on in her little head
wish i could be the daddy that neither one of us had
but i keep runnin from somethin i never wanted so bad
sometimes i get upset
cuz i ain't blew up yet
it's like i grew up, but i aint grownin two nuts yet
don't gotta rep my step
don't got enough pep
the pressure's too much man
i'm just tryin to do what's best
and i try
sit alone and i cry
yo i won't tell a lie
not a moment goes by
that i don't pray to the sky
please i'm beggin you god
please don't let me be pigeon holed in regular job
yo i hope you can hear me hommie
wherever you are
yo i'm tellin you dog
i'm bailin this trailer tomorrow
tell my mother i love her
kiss baby sister goodbye
say whenever you need me baby
i'm never too far
but yo, i gotta get out there
the only way i know
and i'ma be back for you
on the second that i blow
on everything i own
i'll make it on my own
off to work i go
back to this 8 mile rd.
chorus
i'm a man
i'ma make a new plan
time for me to stand up and travel new land
time for me to just to take matters into my own hands
once i'm over these tracks man
i'ma never look back
and i'm gone
i know right where i'm goin
sorry mama i've grown
i must travel alone
ain't no followin no footsteps
i'm makin my own
only way i know how to escape from this 8 mile rd.
ya gotta live it to feel it
if you didn't you wouldn't get it
we'll see what the big deal is
why it wasn't, it still is
to be walkin this border line of detroit city's limit
it's different, it's a certain significant
certificate of authenticity
you'd never even see
but it's everything to me
it's my credibility
you've never seen, heard, smell,
or met an mc
who's incredible and on the same pedistal as me
but check
still unsigned
havin a rough time
sit on the porch with all my friend's
who kick dumb rhymes
go to work
and servin mc's in the lunch line
but when it come's crunch time
where do my punch lines go?
who must i show to bust my flow?
where must i go?
who must i know?
or am i just another crab in the bucket
cuz i ain't havin no luck with this little rabbit so f*** it
maybe i need a new outlit
i'm startin to doubt shit
i'm feelin a little septicole
of who i hang out with
i look like a bum
yo my clothes ain't about shit
at the salvation army
tryin to salvage an outfit
and it's cold
tryin to travel this road
plus i feel like i'm only stuck in this battlin mode
my defenses are so up
and one thing i don't want
is pity from no one
the city is no fun
there is no sun
and it's so dark
sometimes i feel like i'm just being pulled apart
being torn in my limbs
by each one of my friends
enough to just make me wanna jump outta my skin
sometimes i feel like a robot
sometimes i just know not
what i'm doin
i just blow
my head is a stove top
i just explode
the kettle gets so hot
sometimes my mouth just overloads
the acid i don't got
but i've learned
it's time for me to u turn
yo it only takes one time for me to blow up
ain't no fallin
the next time i meet a new girl
i can no longer play stupid
or be immature
i've got every ingredient
all i need is the courage
like i already got to beat
all i need is the words
got the urge
suddenly its a search
suddenly a new verse of energy has occurred
time to show these free world leaders
three in the third
i am no longer scared now
i'm free as a bird
and i turn and cross over
the median curb
hit the burbs and all you see is a blur on 8 mile rd.
chorus
i'm a man
i'ma make a new plan
time for me to stand up and travel new land
time for me to just to take matters into my own hands
once i'm over these tracks man
i'ma never look back
and i'm gone
i know right where i'm goin
sorry mama i've grown
i must travel alone
ain't no followin no footsteps
i'm makin my own
only way i know how to escape from this 8 mile rd."
"feat. tony yayo and lloyd banks
yeah..50 cent, lloyd banks, tony yayo
g unit!
this rap shit plays a major part of my life
so if you jeapordize it i got the right
to send a mothaf***a at you tonight
g unit! and i ain't stoppin' to my clique poppin'
swimmin' in barrels of money
ma could walk around wit' a head up and challenge you dummy
it's funny, n****s rather see you sufferin' and hungry
i'm hungry as hell, skatin' with another n****'s money
take your hats off, you know you ain't that tough
i'm callin' your bets off as soon as you act up
you know what i came for, it isn't the game ball
artillary that's about as long as a chainsaw by the way, this feels like i'm dreamin'
forty cal. under my pillow, condom feelin' my semen
the physical presence of a female, form of a demon
that's why, i f*** 'em and leave 'em
get my nut while i'm breathin'
'cause they thought they'd catch me slippin', now i'm duckin' and trippin'
that's a thousand dollar outfit what the f*** is you rippin'?
you trippin', more records could get my ass in position
death wish for no religion whether catholic or christian
listen, i went through my ambition in and out the kitchen
with probable cause, it's probably sendin' out to prison
you got soldiers, but you still gotta respect ours
we got more four five's and nines than a deck of cards
you can take me out the 'hood, but can't take the 'hood out me 'cause i'm ghetto, i'm ghetto
n****s hate when you do good
but when you broke, your friends and your enemies
they love you, they love you
""cheche, get the llello""
picture me being crack, out of town, trips on the trail
""cheche, get the llello""
picture me being crack you can sift me, cut me, i'll turn you to a junkie
i'm the number one seller in the whole f***in' country
wallstreet n****s, they cop me on the low
white boys don't call me coke, they call me blow
it's time to go, on the bus, the train, the plane
i'll smuggle, i'm nothin' but trouble
i'll make your money double
cook me in baking soda
i'll turn your hooprock into a new range rover
i'll pay all your bills and fill your 'frigerator
feed your family, turn your man into a hater
put me in your doorpanels or your stashbox
put me in your nik's, timbs or reeboks
if you cop three and a half you hustlin' backwards
cop a hundred grams, you movin' forwards
you tryin' to move more birds
...in pa all day, on the corner of third
you can take me out the 'hood, but can't take the 'hood out me 'cause i'm ghetto, i'm ghetto
picture me polishin' pistols, i'm comin' to get you
the shells hit you, you screamin'
think i'm playin'? i mean it
man, i done bought all these pistols
lets get it poppin'
start wavin' my emboies shell cases get the droppin' like if it's down the corner, i got too much pride to hide
i'm outside, gun in my pocket just stunnin' i'm stoppin'
i'm dyin' to pop it, i'm young and i'm restless, you know my contestants
as the world turns, there's lessons to be learned
count all my blessin's, clean up my weapons
i'm ready for war, the strong survive, the weak will parish
i told you before, hoes they compliment me now like ""50 nice chain""
malasio, twenty grand in chips at a dice game
burn out, can't stop gotta watch mtv, bet
n**** you see me!
i wonder if you mad, 'cause i'm doin' good
or 'cause n****s feelin' me more than you in your own 'hood
and it hurts 'cause you love 'em and they don't love you back
'cause they know you just rappin' and you don't bust a gat
you p****
yeah, explain it to n****s in your hood n****
they know you f***in' frontin' n****
talkin' like gangstas on a record, i see you n****
n****s know me n****, ask around in my 'hood n****
read the ""daily news"" n**** you see them talkin' about me n****
i'm in the middle of all kinds of shit
p****, lets get it poppin'
g g unit, g g unit, g g g unit, g g g g g g unit, g unit!"
"eminem – 8 mile 
man, i’m gettin’ so sick and tired of f***ing with this steel,
they only give us 30 minutes to eat lunch and chill!
my body achin’, just to get a buck,
i’m sick of eating this shit off this f***ing lunch truck!
nasty ass food, i’m in a nasty ass mood!
i should’ve called in sick, shit, i had something to do!
i can’t believe i’m hearing all this ravin’ and rantin’
from vanessa, up in here at the new detroit stampin’!
you need to get your food and take your ass back to work!
you’re dreamin’ if you think them corny ass raps will work!
look at ya’ll, standin’ out here, freezin’ like dumb f***s,
rappin’ away for food off this raggedy lunch truck!
who want what? who pumped up to get rolled up?
i spit venom in every direction, soak some up!
look at this fat ass n****, sloppy sucker,
you an ugly motherf***er! your pop should’ve wore a rubber!
stop rhymin’; keep your day job, vanessa!
next time, leave that bull shit home on the dresser,
speaking of dresses, take a look at paul, the fruitcake!
when you travel, you probably pack panties in your suitcase,
made out of lace from victoria’s secret!
if 10 men came in a cup, you’d probably drink it!
ok, folks, enough with the g** jokes,
especially from a g** broke b**** yourself, eh, loc?
his style is doo doo! you’ve worked here longer than me,
and i get paid more than you do!
dawg, take a seat!
what’s this guy standing in line for? he ain’t got money to eat!
check this out, yo, yo!
this guy cashed his whole pay check and bought 1 ho ho!
f***ing homo, little maggot, you can’t hack it,
paul’s g**, you’re a f*****!
at least he admits it, don’t even risk it.
this guy’s starvin’ to death, someone get him a biscuit!
i don’t know what they told you, mike!
you must had them controlls rolled too tight!
this job, you wanna quit, but you can’t!
you’ve worked at this plant so long, you’re a plant!
look at your goddamn boots!
for christ sakes, they’re starting to grow roots!
on this mic you get faded,
you look like a pissed off rapper who never made it!
hey, why you f***ing with the g** guy, g?
when really you’re the one who’s got the hiv!
man, i’m done with this clown, he’s soft!
f*** it, i’ll let home girl finish you off!"
"this guy raps like his parents jerked him,
he sounds like eric sermon, the generic version,
this whole crowd looks suspicious, its all dudes in here,
cept for these b****es,
so i'm a german eh, thats ok,
you look like a f***ing worm with braids,
these leaders of the free world rookies,
lookie, how can 6 d***s beat pussies?
talkin about shit's creek,
b**** you can be up piss creek,
with paddles, this deep, your still gonna sink,
your a disgrace, yeah they call me rabbit,
this is a turtle race,
he can't get with me spitting this shit wickedly,
lickity shot tospickety, sickly split lickity,
so i'ma turn around with a great smile,"
"yo, i spit a racial slur. honky, sue me.
this shit is a horror flick
but the black guy doesn’t die in this movie.
f***ing with lotto dawg you gotta be kiddin.
that makes me believe you really don’t have a interest in livin.
you think these n****s gonna feel the shit you say?
i got a better chance joinin the k.k.k.
know some real shit tho? i like you.
that’s why i didn’t wanna be the one you commit suicide to.
f*** lotto ... call me your leader.
i feel bad i gotta murder that dude from leave it to beaver.
i used to like that show now you got me in fight back mode.
but oh well if you gotta go ... then you gotta go.
i hate to do this. i would love for this shit to last.
so i’ll take pictures of my rear end so you won’t forget my ass.
and all is well that ends ok.
so i’ll this shit with a ... f*** you but have a nice day!
ward i think you were a little hard on the beaver.
so was eddie haskel, wally and ms. cleaver.
this guy keeps screamin hes paranoid.
quick someone get his ass another steroid!
blah de bee bee, blah blah blah be dee , blooh blah.
i didn’t hear a word you said ... hippity hoo blah.
is that a tank top or a new bra?
look snoop dogg has got a f***ing boob job!
didn’t you listen to the last round meathead?
pay attention your saying the same shit that he said.
matter a fact dawg, here's a pencil.
go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful
and don’t come back until somethin dope hits you.
f*** it, you could take the mic home with you.
lookin like a cyclone hit you.
tanktops screamin “lotto i don’t fit you!”
you see how far them white jokes get you,
boys like “hows vanilla ice gonna diss you?”
my motto f*** lotto.
i’ll get them digits from your mother for a dollar tomorrow."
"yo, it's time to get rid of this coward once and for all.
i'm sick of the motha f***a! check this shit out!
i'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me!
this shit is a horror flick,
but the black guy doesn't die in this movie!
f***in' wit lotto, dawg, you gotta be kiddin!
that makes me believe you really dont have a interest in livin!
you think these n****s gonna feel the shit you say?
i got a betta chance joining the kkk.
or some real shit, though, i like you
that's why i didn't wanna have to be the one you commit sucide to
f*** 'lotto,' call me your leader
i feel bad i gotta murder that dude from ""leave it to beaver""
i used to like that show, now you got me to ""fight back"" mode
but oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go!
i hate to do this, i would love for this shit to last
so i'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass
and all's well that ends well, ok?
so i'll end this shit wit a ""f*** you, but have a nice day!""
ward, i think you were a little hard on the beaver
so was eddie haskal, wally, and ms. cleaver
this guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid!
quick, someone get his ass another steriod!
""blahbity bloo blah blah blahbity bloo blah!""
i ain't hear a word you said, ""hipidy hooblah!""
is that a tank top, or a new bra?
look, snoop dogg just got a f***in' boob job!
didn't you listen to the last round, meat head?
pay attention, you're sayin the same shit that he said!
matter fact, dog, here's a pencil
go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful,
and don't come back until something don't hits you
f*** it! you can take the mike home with you!
lookin' like a cyclone hit you,
tank top screamin', ""lotto, i don't fit you!""
you see how far those white jokes get you
boy's like ""how vanilla ice gonna diss you?""
my motto: f*** lotto!
i get the 7 digits from your mother for a dolla tomorrow!"
"now everybody from the 313
put your mothef***ing hands up and follow me
everybody from the 313
put your mothef***ing hands up
look look
now while he stands tough
notice that this man did not had his hands up
this free world got you gased up
now who's afraid of the big bad wolf
1, 2, 3 and to the 4
1 pac, 2 pac, 3 pac, 4
4 pac, 3 pac, 2 pac, 1
you're pac, he's pac, no pacs, none
this guy aint no mother f***in mc,
i know everything he's got to say against me,
i am white, i am a f***in bum, i do live in a trailer with my mom,
my boy future is an uncle tom.
i do got a dumb friend named cheddar bob who shoots
himself in the leg with his own gun,
i did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
and wink did f*** my girl,
i'm still standin here screamin ""f*** the free world!""
don't ever try to judge me dude
you don't know what the f*** i've been through
but i know something about you
you went to crankbook, that's a private school
what's the matter dawg? you embarrased?
this is guy's a gangster, he's real name's clarence
and clarence lives at home with both parents
and clarence's parents have a real good marriage
this guy don't wanna battle, he's shook
'cause there no such things as half way crooks
he's scared to death
he's scared to look in his f***in yearbook, f*** crankbook
f*** the beat, i go acapella
f*** a papa doc, f*** a clock, f*** a trailer, f*** everybody
f*** y'all if you doubt me
i'm a piece of f***ing white trash, i say it proudly
and f*** this battle, i don't wanna win, i'm outty,
here, tell this people something they dont know about me."
"eminem
whoo! hahaha
guess who's back!
mommy! we're home!
say hello to my little friends!
dj muggs, soul assassins, cypress hill!
everybody, put your hands where my eyes can see em!
everywhere we go people know we roll deep as f***
40 50 samoans aint no one wanna deal with us
50 twizzy obie there won't be no hoe in us
they pop shit like they gonna do shit but no one does
when we move down to texas back up to los angeles
we change the way we move so man up if you can't adjust
you may end up getting rushed by too many to handle us
its funny i guess money does have its advantages
and it isn't that we just think that we can't be touched
its not like we're just feelin ourselves that much it's just
that if someone ever does put us in the clutch
we just know that ya'll aint gonna be the one
who's gonna do it
cuz first of all you're pushy and everybody can see that
you f*** around get caught in a spot that you shouldn't be at
that you got no business being in
and we aint even gonna be in it
no one's gonna hear nothin no one's gonna see the shit
and they'll be in and up out it them boys is bout it bout it
and the noise from clips n rounds
will be drownded out by the crowd
and you'll be layin on the ground
getting trampled by people dancing
till the club closes and clears out
and that's when they see you flattened
nobody saw it happen, all cuz the jaws are flappin
and you couldn't stop yappin and took it passed rappin
it aint about the music no more, its about tryin to show off
and it feels like any minute the bomb is about to go off
chorus: shit's about to change cuz we aint playin no games
we aint budgin neither are they and we aint sayin no names
shit just aint the same when the cage get to sprayin
hip hop is in a state of 9 1 1
it aint about hip hop cuz those days are gone
it aint about tryin to rip shop to get props no more
its about tryin not to get popped
and get dropped to the floor cuz
hip hop is in a state of 9 1 1
i took the strap off my holster cuz shit is getting serious
all these drugs you be f***in with make you delirious
thinkin you comin with heat yo son i'm curious
how long are you gonna hate us and judge us and jury us
some people can never fade us they make us so curious
mistake us for fakers homey with raider with glorious
we live it for real and others just makin the stories up
illusions so broken so live it up you corny f***s
if you take a f***in minute to think about what you done
when you stood against a gangsta
who live and die by the gun
caught a hot one sprayin you b****es till there was none
i'm like a rollin stone homey i got you under my thumb
you silly little b****es can end up right up in ditches
we cut you and give you stitches for envyin all our riches
your game's just like a midget you clockin the small digit
dealin with a giant goliath people
that's how we live it come on
chorus
i'm gangsta gangsta who come to pay you a visit
on this shit that you call hip hop disfunction
is where its headed
when i put it in motion my focus is getting breaded
my appetite for destruction is blasted
because i say we got you
stumblin for cover this music dyin in number
but you wouldn't pause and wonder admittin
its all glamour when you
enter the business you thinking you runnin shit
you witness that funny shit you b****es that aint shit
we gangsta we blast first ask questions later all these
imitators paradin like they some playas tryin to
save hip hop the task is something greater
cuz we old fashion coded we loyalty motivators
getting caught and not telling
or more like killin not carin i'm ridin
a gangsta feelin no ferin when gangtas dyin i'm in a
food circle with homeys that's suppose to bleed
on a 8 mile mission with cypress and og's
chorus"
"i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
uh, never meet a n**** first rap and beef with a shot of fam
gucci's my absolute state of mind, like waka's man
chopper's brand, getting head in the car park, new gallardo
this b**** sucking my d*** today, call yesterday's news tomorrow
stretch a n**** out, i'm the new thai roll
'bout to cross over, i'm the new iver
'bout to saves a couple of these b****es
that's right, i'm the new bible
you? you 5.0, me? i'm all grounded to punishments
but i'm too fly though
y'all n****s rewinding, i should call you moscato
look down at the poor boy
looks like he got no parents, little shoes, they untied ho
never know what type of a ho inside of my ride i may let
last night at 5 am, and she ain't even recover from last friday yet
hoes all over the ride like it's an ice cream truck
i can see why they fret
i already ran over two hoes and i ain't get up the f***ing drive way yet
soon as i open the door, you try to resist, what for?
get in girl, don't push fightin' a war, it's useless, tits on a whore, little tits on a whore
got a mack and it's screaming like little kids throwing fits on the floor
get in the whip, but you ain't turning, a frog into a prince
what you tryna keep your hands on me for?
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
now you in my whip as long as you understand that i can't be whipped
you sick of my shit, i'm a gigolo so you know, i'm always on the go
i ain't got no time to slow down for no relationshit
drop the p and add a t, yaeh, you can get mad at me all you want
but i'm ghost before you can even say boo, hun let alone call me one
a one night stand is only once but a female friend got one leg standing
but a one night stand on my nightstand
 i ain't fitting to argue but why
you think they call it boo? cause it sound like it's supposed to scare you
ho, we can share you in the back of the mclaren, i don't give a f***
what your name is, i'll call you hottentot, hopenbot
how come your name is sharon?
slow the flow down so i can make
the same face when i'm shooting the guns is the same face i make when i f***
the back of my hand on your neck pressing your face against the sheets it's insane
you been changed, cause i'm out of this world, girl i got that new  fame
i'm at an all time high with highness, i'm at an all time fly with flyness
and this is exactly what they say when they bow to your highness
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
never meet a n**** twitter beefing, first beef and i shot your fans
her bottom's dark, but her top it tan
her private parts on the pole
like the opposite of her papa's plan
come on stripper! let's ?
and drop the trance
looking at this girl, like what you wearing
quit playing!
you wearing them scrach n sniff pants?
well let me scratch em
what? did i say that?
i'm on lean like styrofoam cups and kickstands
middle finger stuck on f***
but girl you got a butt like ?
aw hell, shady, he'll tell it like it is
so tell katie perry he's downstairs waiting
i'm here, bell's ringing and tell lady
gaga she can quit her job at the post office
she's still a male lady!
what the f***? you heard, the verdict's in
he's allergic to d, that's the d***
i like the strip tease you doing
this evening, you and me gonna find
3 more chickenheads and have a menage like nick
you hot like a thick outfit in texas
without your underwear under it
suck my d***, we both gets to steppin to my logic
my d*** is as hard as a yardstick
what we gonna do? ride around til we're carsick
then i'm gonna put this shit in park
and you can blow me in the dark in the parking lot
out of the trailer park by the garbage
what you waiting on? me to roll up?
the condoms are in the glove compartment, lets start it!
think i'm joking? what, am i sitting here
trying to make fake farts with my armpits?
am i here to amuse you?
i'm in your pocket outside of a church
the other hand is at the bottom of your purse
you giving me head in a boxing stance
my d***'s so big you could drop it in dirt
i'm not your man, we're sparring partners
there's 5 things you are in charge of, that's
sucking a d***, sucking a d***, sucking a d***
sucking a d***, sucking a d***
if you ain't sucking a d***
why you sitting there with puckered lips? that's collagen..
motherf***ing b****, what you mean how'd you
get suckered into this you gonna jump into my truck
and then try to get truculent?
you should be suffering, you should be cooking
you should be buckling your seatbelt with oven mitts
i know i'm making an ass of myself, but it's just
cause i wanna get..
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss
i wanted a kiss, a kiss, a kiss"
"chorus
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are
like shooting stars
i could really use a wish right now, a wish right now, a wish right now
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are
like shooting stars
i could really use a wish right now, a wish right now, a wish right now
verse one
lets pretend like its 98, like i?m eating lunch off of a styrofoam trey
trying to be the next rapper coming out the a
hoping for a record deal, to re know my pain
now lets pretend like i?m on the stage
and when my beat drops everybody goes insane and everybody know my name and everywhere i go people wanna hear me sang
oh yea and i just dropped my new album
on the first week i did 500thousand
gold in the spring and diamond in the fall
and then a world tour just to top it all off
and let?s pretend like they call me the greatest
selling out arenas with big ass stages
and everybody loved me and no one ever hated
let?s try to use imagination
chorus
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are
like shooting stars
i could really use a wish right now, a wish right now, a wish right now
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are
like shooting stars
i could really use a wish right now, a wish right now, a wish right now
verse two
ok, let?s pretend like this never happened
like i never had dreams of being a rapper
like i didn?t write raps in all of my classes
like i never use to runaway into the blackness
now let?s pretend like it was all good
like i didn?t live starring in a notebook
like i did the things i probably knew i should
but i didn?t have neighbors that?s why they call it hood
now lets pretend like i aint got a name
before they ever called me b.o.b or a.k.a bobby ray
i?m talking back before the mixtapes
before the videos and the deals and the fame
before they once compared me to andre
before i ever got my space
before they ever noticed my face
so let?s just pretend and make wishes out of
airplanes
chorus can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are
like shooting stars
i could really use a wish right now, a wish right now, a wish right now
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are
like shooting stars
i could really use a wish right now, a wish right now, a wish right now
bridge
and it seems like yesterday it was just a dream
but those days are gone, there just memories
and it seems like yesterday it was just a dream
but those days are gone
verse three let?s pretend marshall mathers never picked up a pen
let?s pretend things would?ve been no different
pretend people procrastinated had no motivation
pretend he just made excuses that was so paper thin they could blow away wit the wind
marshal you never gone make it, makes no sense to play the game it ain?t no way that?ll you win
pretend he just stand out side all day and play with his friends
pretend he even had a friend to say was his friend
and it wasn?t time to move in school no changing
again
he wasn?t socially awakard and just strange as a kid
he had a father and his mother wasn?t crazy as shit
and he never dreamed he can ripped stadiums he just lazy as shit
f*** a talent show in the gymnasium b****
you won?t amount to shit quit day dreaming kid
you need to get ya cranium check you thinking like an alien
it just ain?t realistic
now pretend they ain?t just make him angry with this shit
and there was no one he could even aim when he?s
pissed with
and his alarm went off to wake him but he did?nt make it to the rap olympics
left to his plane and he missed it
he?s gonna have a hard time explaining to haley and maybe these food stamps and wic shit
cause he neverrisked shit he hoped and he wished it
but it didn?t fall in his lap so he ain?t even hear it he pretends that
chorus
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are
like shooting stars
i could really use a wish right now, a wish right now, a wish right now
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are
like shooting stars
i could really use a wish right now, a wish right now, a wish right now"
"how do you do? ladies and gentlemen
my name is alfred hitchcock and this is music
to be murdered by
it is mood music in a jugular vein
so why don't you relax? lean back and enjoy yourself
until the coroner comes"
"thus far, this album has provided musical accompaniment to make your passing pleasant
our next number is designed to drown out the sound of shovels
music to be buried by"
"this concludes our danse macabre
portions of the proceeding were recorded
as for the rest of it
i'm very much afraid it was all in your mind
i don't intend to indulge in any post mortem
if you haven't been murdered, i can only say
better luck next time
if you have been, goodnight wherever you are"
"before i check the mic i give it an extra swipe with a lysol disinfectant wipe coronavirus in effect tonight
antiseptics on deck, i got every type i throw on my tux, then i  give zero f***s, then i act like a jockstrap  , cup my nuts, then i check my ball hair  , make sure it's all there then call the pallbearer it's music to bе murdered by again, why stop?
overkill likе a pipe bomb in your pine box
you're all hitched to my cock went from punchin' a time clock to getting my shot
then treated it like a cyclops
like it's the only one i got
and my thoughts are like nines cocked every line's obscene, pervertedest mind, got the dirtiest rhyme stocked
that's why there's parental advising every time i drop
so throw on the theme to alfred, i'll channel him like the panama canal
but how could i get up in arms about you saying trash is all that i put out?
b****, i still get the bag when i'm putting garbage out
plus, the potty mouth, i'm not about to wash it out
the filthiest, so all this talk about ""i'm washed up"", how preposterous
because if cleanliness is next to godliness
it's obvious that it's impossible for me to be beside myself
and i'm 'bout that capital like a proper noun
still on top the pile
got me sitting on numbers like a pocket dial
quick to call you out on your bullshit
don't make me give that crock a dial
'cause if i do, it's see you later, alligator
made it out the trailer, then i made a vow to cater to no one
so hate, i've gained about the same amount that's in my bank account
so here's some more shit for you to complain about, i say the
bars that never slack, but always get attacked i think they're gunnin' for me, it's startin' to feel like that
like i'm marked, 'cause when i rap, it's like fallin' on my back in a tar pit
'cause i have this target on my back but if i ever double crossed my fans and lost my stans
i'd probably pop five xans go in my garage, start my van
inhale as much carbon monoxide and exhaust i can
and doze off like, but odds like that with these thoughts i have's
like a giant getting squashed by ants
if this is the test of time, i'd pass with flying colors
like i just tossed my crayons small, medium, and large size cans
sanitizers of all types, brands, cost nine bands
which is a small price for lysol wipes and
if my palms brush across my pants, i wash my hands
shit, hold on, man
motherf***er
happy birthday to—
f*** 
i sit in silence in candlelit environments
sipping wild irish while getting violent
homicidal visions when i'm spitting like this
but really i'm just fulfilling my wish of killing rhymes
which is really childish and silly, but i'm really like this
i'm giving nightmares to billie eilish, i'm diddy's side b****
what the f***? hold on, wait
""i'm diddy's side b****""?
oh, i'm still east side, b****
so until the e n d, since epmd
been givin' y'all the business  , d. r. e and me from the mmlp to mtbmb b****, it's 2020, you still ain't seein' me so call me santa clause 'cause at the present  , i out rap 'em all, i'm at the mall
got your b**** in a bathroom stall, she could suck a basketball through a plastic straw  with a fractured jaw my d*** is coat check  , she wanna jack it off i'm so far passed the bar, i should practice law
mentally, i'm f***ed up generally duke's a hazard car, get the cadaver, dawgs
'cause this is murder, murder and you get murked, murked
this music 'bout to kill you, brr, brr this chicken hit my phone, she said ""chirp, chirp""
i said, ""hut, hut, hike your skirt, skirt""
then go eat some worms, like the early bird
what the f*** is love? that's a dirty word
make me fall in it, there's not a girl on earth
or any other planet, that's a world of hurt
and i won't buy her designer, 'cause i don't pander
but i'm back with so many knots, i need a chiropractor and this the final chapter, 'cause i'm either frying after
or they're gon' give me the needle  like a vinyl scratcher
yeah, i'm a card, like hallmark at walmart with a small cart buying wall art
and y'all who claim to be dawgs aren't
no bite like a tree mostly just all bark, arf, arf
but y'all pickin' the wrong tree, they call me dog because i'm barking and i got a lot, yeah, like where cars park
i describe it as bowling  ball hard 'cause the gutter's where my mind is in when
it's in this frame, better split like the five and the ten
'cause without a second to spare, i'm strikin' again
and when the beat is up my alley, i go right for the pins
the cypher begins, i'm talkin' smack like heroin
the mic's a syringe, it's like a binge, vicodin
i would like to pretend my mind's a recycling bin
there's no place i never been, but i never budge and i never bend
you hyperextend on me, this game's life, it depends
like adult diapers for men, even when i'm rappin' less stellar
it's sour grapes, i still whine, i'm the best seller
like a train do spray you as these shots penetrate through dre's booth
and goes straight through your grapefruit, no escape route
so you won't leave me at your scathe, with a few scrape wounds
your ass is grass and i am not gonna graze you
but a bar's  , i need a mad hatter
'cause i got so many caps, and you don't have any straps you'd be a fitted  , so don't act like you're fittin' to snap
b****, i'll pee on your head, like a philly's hat no stoppin' me, you're on a window shopping spree
b****, you probably go broke at the dollar tree
you never buy shit, all you ever cop's a plea
you're always punkin' out like halloween
you rather opt to flee, you need to stop it, punk
homie, you not a g, act like you got the pump
you're gonna pop the heat or get the glock and go
b****, if you shot a tree, you wouldn't pop the trunk
yeah, and i'm buddies with alfred, we about to disembowel, then gut 'em and scalp 'em
yeah, this is 'bout to be the bloodiest outcome
'cause we gon' make you bleed with every cut from this album
so i'm choppin' 'em up like dahmer
the nut job with the nuts that are bigger than jabba the hutt
i'm in the cut, and i'm out for the blood
it's lookin' like it's that time of the month
carvin' 'em up with the bars while i sharpen 'em up, dawg
i'm the mutt, i'm gonna f*** your mom in the butt with a thermometer, f***in' phenomenal
but y'all looking cut the f*** up like abdominals
if you don't vaminos, i keep droppin' like dominos
the formidible, abominable, stomp in a mudhole
even if it's off the top of the dome, saw 'em get the coppertone
i'm at the stop and go, hop on the mop and gloat
got your stomach in knots like you swallowed rope
you out of pocket though, like a motherf***in' wallet stole
wait, why'd the beat cut off?
f*** it"
"now i don't really care what you call me
just as long as you dont call me rude
i bet they knew as soon as they saw me
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote
streets like cold chicago
ain't nothing new i've seen it all before
but still i ball like no tomorrow
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote
all she wrote, all she wrote
i said ""it's over with"" thats all she wrote
all she wrote, all she wrote, all she wrote
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote
its stupid how i go in knowing everybody knowing that i'm
sewing up the game, destroying like they hate me for it
eventually see they cant beat than with me they join
others sworn, under oath or banished left completely scorn
you tell lies, get caught, n**** kick rocks
you never did blend in with the big shots
on the fast track, ain't no need for no pit stops
i just laugh at, n**** wishing they were this hot
guess they mad at me huh, really pissed off better that than pissed on, i'm the jetsons you the flintstones
catch me in the end zone, high stepping prime time
thought you n****s been on, ain't no blocking my shine
like my new air yeezy's you can see me in the night time
i get rich off livin' life, he check the check reciting rhymes
so call me what you want, wanna hate, have a nice time
while i get stupid paper, hey my dough ain't in its right mind
now i don't really care what you call me
just as long as you dont call me rude
i bet they knew as soon as they saw me
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote
streets like cold chicago
ain't nothing new i've seen it all before
but still i ball like no tomorrow
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote
man tip told me on this hoe tip, best tip i could give you to
hyp you
is never to let these traits trick you
mighty ambiguous of you to think i love slut, shit
dig you hoe, take the shovel and dig you some dignity b****
shit you talk about some adivce that sticks with you
if i should listen to anyone tell me to stick to my guns
like double stick, its you but f*** it tip, its cold
i'm chillin like a villian like the penguin in his f***ing igloo
eating fudgesicles
i'd rather slip and fall in shit than fall in love with you
before i tie a f***ing knot i'd tie you in one b****
you think this is some nintendo game how f***ing dumb is
you
i'll give you some mumps before i split some lump sums with
you
so here's a penny for your thoughts
but it won't buy you a chesseburger, but a nickle might just
get you one pickle
f*** it, its official so blow the whistle i got a trust issue
theres a bombshell, scud missle!
i got this curse at you to f***ing cuss at you
like before i rap there was some motherf***ing stud
slut, this will teach you not to come drunk, stumbling my way
fo shizzle
i still live like i bought you the gilbert slot checks stob bizzle
so f*** sissors these checkers are bust like a blood blister
now i don't really care what you call me
you can even call me cold
these b****es know as soon as they saw me
its never me to get the privilege to know
i roll like a desperado
now i never know where i'm gonna go
still i ball like there's no tomorrow
until its over and its all she wrote
the credit roller, curatin closer, movie over with
but don't get mad at me
go blame the chick who wrote this shit
yeah life is sure a b****
but she know i'm rich
that why she give me what i want and i just throw her d***
here i go again
i kick this shit, give a damn, got it pouring in
peso, euro, yeah, ah ha, i'm paid never gon be broke again
see me posted in anything, wearing any chain
never gon' see me tote in anything
all you gon' see is bang!
its so nice where i kick it
hate you never get to visit
yeah i'm on another level
but you n****s still can get it
its all over before you finish
sorry bro this road we end it
won't give you the satisfaction of me giving you the business
yeah i guess life is a b**** ain't it tip
and each one thinks ""say this shit""
shirt off my back i wouldn't give you the dirt off my handkerchief
i'm giving these hoes a dose of there own medicine
let em get a good taste of it
i'm sure you got that relationship memo by now
but in case you didn't
imma stick this whole pad
full of sticky notes to your forehead and staple it
life is too short and i got no time to sit around just wasting it
so i pace this shit a little bit quicker
that clock i'm racing in doubling time it
but i still spit triple the amount of insults in a tenth of the time
it may take you pricks to catch on
while you strong arm like stretch armstrong
man i still say k mart like theres an apostrophe ""s"" on it dog
and they say mcdonalds isn't a restaurant well i guess
i'm wrong
but if you gon tell me that the a&w aint the spot for the best
hot dogs you can get the ""f"" on dawg
and on my throne i remain
all alone in my lane
i'm as strong as they came
they were gone fo' they came
now, i don't wanna hang
i slapped hands with the rap gods
they just wanna sabotage my hustle shawty that's why
now i don't really care what you call me
you can even call me cold
i bet the knew as soon as they saw me
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote
i roll like a desperado, now i never know where i'm gonna go
but still i ball like no tomorrow
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote
all she wrote, all she wrote
i said ""it's over with"" thats all she wrote
all she wrote, all she wrote, all she wrote
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote"
"i can almost taste it
this shit makes no sense to me
what does it all mean?
i can almost taste it
i can almost see it
this shit makes no sense to me
what does it all mean?
i can almost taste it
i can almost taste it
can't stop now
this might be the last chance i get to be famous
you dream of trading places
i have been changing faces
you cannot fill these shoes
there is too much to lose
wake up behind these trenches
you run around defenseless
there is too much to lose
you cannot fill these shoes
i just wanna be famous, but
be careful what you wish for
i stuck my d*** in this game like a rapist
they call me slim roethlisberger
i go berserker than a fed up post office worker
i murk her with a mossberg
i'm pissed off, get murdered
like someone took a ketchup squirter
squirted a frankfurter
for a gangster, you sure did shit your pants
when you saw the chainsaw get to waving
like a terrible towel
how thangs turn around when his fangs come out
get your brains blown out
that's what i call blowin' your mind
when i come back, like nut on your spine
i'm a thumb tack that you slept on, son
now here i come, screaming ""attack! ""
like i just stepped on one
low on the totem 'til he showed 'em defiance
giant scrotum
he don't owe them b****es shit
his britches, he outgrowed 'em
he's so out cold
he's knocked out at the south pole
and nobody f***s with him
rigor mortis and post mortem
he's dyin' of boredom
take your best rhymes, record 'em
then try to thwart him
he'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em
shit stained drawers, you gon' f*** with a guy
who licks the blades of his chainsaws
while he dips 'em in p. f. chang's sauce?
game's up, homie
hang it up like some crank calls
you think i'm backin' down?
you must be out of your dang skulls
i'm almost famous
you dream of trading places
i have been changing faces
you cannot fill these shoes
there is too much to lose
wake up behind these trenches
you run around defenseless
there is too much to lose
you cannot fill these shoes
i just wanna be famous, but
be careful what you wish for
i'm back for revenge
i lost a battle, that ain't happenin' again
i'm at your throat like strep
i step, strapped with a pen
metaphors wrote on my hand
some are just stored in my memory
some i wrote on a napkin
i do what i have to to win
pullin' out all stops
any who touch a mic prior's
not even austin powers
how the f*** are they mike myers?
and tell that psycho to pass the torch to the wacko
'fore i take a shit in his jack o lantern
and smash it on his porch
now get off my d***!
'd***''s too short of a word for my d***
get off my antidisestablishmentarianism, you prick!
don't call me the champ
call me the space shuttle destroyer
i just blew up the challenger
matter fact, i need a lawyer
i just laced my gloves with
enough plaster to make a cast
beat his ass naked
and peed in his corner like verne troyer
y'all are eminem backwards: you're mini mes
see, he's in a whole nother weight class
he's slugs, you're bbs: you're bean bag bullets
you're full of it
you were dissin' his cd's, laughed at infinite
now he's back like someone pissed in his wheaties
no peace treaties, he's turned into a beast
his new slim shady ep's
got the attention of the mighty d. r. e
he's almost famous
you dream of trading places
i have been changing faces
you cannot fill these shoes
there is too much to lose
wake up behind these trenches
you run around defenseless
there is too much to lose
you cannot fill these shoes
i just wanna be famous, but
be careful what you wish for
now there he goes in dre's studio
cuppin' his balls
screamin' the wood off the panelin'
cussin' the paint off the walls
spewin' his hate to these haters
showin' no love for these broads
he ain't givin' them shit
he says he'll pinch a penny so hard
he'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark
you can see the mark
with the scars, 'til abraham lincoln is screamin' out, ""ahh! ""
these metaphors and similes ain't similar to them
not at all
if they don't like it, they can all get f***ed
instead of suckin' him off
they can go get a belt or a neck tie to hang themselves by
like david carradine
they can go f*** themselves and just die
and eat shit while they at it, he's f***in' had it
he's mad at the whole world
so go to hell and build a snowman, girl
the bullies become bullied
and pussies get pushed
then they better pull me
take me back to 9th grade to school me
'cause i ain't lookin' back, only forward
this whole spot blowin'
who coulda known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it?
and while i'm bein' poetic
let me get it stoic and raise the bar
higher than my opinion
of these women's been lowered
so bear witness to some biblical shit
there's a cold wind blowin'
this world ain't gonna know what hit it
he did it, he made it, he's finally famous"
"hi!
original bad boy on the case, cover your face
came in the place blowed, and sprayed puffy with mase
i laced the weed with insect repellant, better check the smelly
eminem starts with e, better check the spelling
with a capital, somebody grab me a snapple
i got an aspirin capsule trapped in my adam's apple
somebody dropped me on my head, and i was sure
that my mother did it, but the b**** won't admit it was her
i slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months
and said, ""i'm ready now b****   ain't you feelin these kicks c***?""
the world ain't ready for me yet, i can tell
i'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in hell
i'm sick of these sperm cells with syphillis germs
and i'm hotter than my d*** is, when i piss and it burns
i kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach
and vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it
 hit you in the head with a brick til you plummet
if y'all don't like me, you can suck my d*** til you numb it
and all that gibberish you was spittin, you need to kill it
cause your style is like dyin in my sleep, i don't feel it
chorus: eminem
cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is f***in crazy    you hear me? ha?
is f***in crazy    hello, hi!
cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is f***in crazy    do you hear me?
is f***in crazy
i'm ice grillin you, starin you down with a gremlin grin
i'm eminem, you're a f** in a women's gym
i'm slim, the shady is really a fake alias
to save me with in case i get chased by space aliens
a brainiac, with a cranium packed, full of more uranium
than a maniac saudi arabian
a highly combustible head, spazmatic
strapped to a kraftmatic adjustable bed
laid up in the hospital in critical condition
i flatlined; jumped up and ran from the mortician
high speed, iv full of thai weed
lookin chinese, with my knees stuck together like siamese
twins, joined at the groin like lesbians
uhh, pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pins
i hope god forgives me for my sins    it probably all depends
on if i keep on killin my girlfriends
chorus: eminem
cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is f***in crazy    you hear me? ha?
is f***in crazy    listen!!
cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is f***in crazy    you hear me?
is f***in crazy
last night i o.d.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust
and got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed
 i'm an alcoholic and that's all i can say
i call in to work, cause all i do is frolic and play
i swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day
of tylenol 3, and talk about how violent i'll be give me eleven excederin my head'll spin
medicine'll get me revvin like a 747 jet engine
scratched my balls til i shredded skin
""doctor, check this rash, look how red it's been""
""it's probably aids!"" forget it then
i strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows
that don't even make sense, like dykes usin dildos
so reach in your billfolds, for ten ducats
and pick up this slim shady shit that's on rawkus
somethin somethin somethin, somethin i get weeded
my daughter scribbled over that rhyme, i couldn't read it"
"are you afraid of a razor blade
in the shape of a spade
blood dripping from it
slice you up from the waist up
ill drag ya dead body up a mountain
to da summot
hang ya dirty ass then cut it
fallin down the mountain
you will plumit
i i i cant believe this shit
are you felling what i spit
if you cant
to bad b****
i dont give a f***
i aint got no luck
you f***ing chicken
hear you go cluck cluck cluck
ahh freakin ahh freakin
i cant believe it
ill swing my axe
ill heave it
to ya head
you will be dead
skurred
datz all folks
i did my best to edit in the curses and curses
ha ha ha"
"if i could rewind time like a tape,
inside a boombox
one day for every pill, or percocet that i ate
cut down on the valium, that'll hurt everything
but death is turning so definite, wait
they got me all hooked up to some machine
i love you, being, didn't want you to
know i was struggling
feels like i'm underwater submerged
like a submarine
just heard that nurse say, my liver
and kidneys aren't functioning
been flirtatious with death, skirt chasing,
i guess
it's arrivederci, same nurse,
just heard say they're unplugging me
and it's your birthday, jade,
i'm missing your birthday
baby girl, i'm sorry, i f***ing hate
when you hurt, hai
and sweeties, thank you for waiting to
open gifts
but, girls, you can just open 'em, dad
ain't making it home for christmas
wish i had the strength to just blow a kiss
i go to make a fist, but i can't make one,
i'm frozen stiff
i yell, but nothing comes out,
i'm crying inside, i shout
my vocal cords won't permit me,
i scream, but it's not allowed
you put your arm around mama, the karma, wow
i just thought about the aisle,
i'll never get to walk us down
never see you, graduate in your caps and gowns
it's 'bout to be 2008, how's this happening now?
i've got so much more to do, and proof, i'm truly sorry
if i let you down, but this tore me in two
the thought of no more me and you
you gave me shoes, nikes like
new for me for school
doody, i'm trying, but you, you
were the glue that binded
so many things, time, i'd give
anything to rewind it
i had to walk down my halls and
constantly be reminded
by pictures all on my walls and
i couldn't sleep at night 'cause
that image burned in my brain of you on the table
me falling across your body,
not able to stand to save you
god, why did you take him?
i'm tryna keep his legacy alive,
but i'm dying, where's nathan?
little ladies, be brave, take
care of your mother
smile pretty for pictures, always
cherish each other
i'll always love ya, and i'll be in the back of your memory
and i know you'll never forget me, just don't get sad when remembering
and, little bro, keep making me proud
you better marry that girl 'cause
she's faithfully down
and when you're exchanging those
sacred vows, just know that if i could be there
i would and should you ever see
parenthood, i know you'll be good at it
oh, almost forgot to do something,
thank my father too
i actually learnt a lot from you,
you taught me what not to do
and mom, wish i'd have had the chance
to have one last heart to heart
honest and open talk to you
doody, i see you, i go to walk to you
and i can feel my soul leave my
body and float across the room
nurses lean over the bed, pulling tubes out
then the sheet over my head, shut
the room down
girls, please don't get upset,
i see them cheeks soaking and wet
as you squeeze hold of my neck,
so forcibly, don't wanna let
me go, pillow drenched, emotional wrecks
with every second, each closer to death
but suddenly, i feel my heart begin to beat slow
then a breath, machines go must've guessed the cheat codes to this shit
i'm tryna rewind time like a tape, find an escape
make a beeline, try and awake
from this dream, i need to re find
my inner strength, to remind me
even if a steep climb i must take
to rewrite a mistake, i'm rewinding the tape
i'll put out this last album,
then i'm done with it
one hundred percent finished, fed up with it
i'm hanging it up, f*** it
excuse the cursing, baby,
but just know
that i'm a good person, though
they portray me as cold
and if things should worsen, but i bet you they won't
i'm pledging to throw this
methadone in the toilet
shred these old letters i wrote
all that old pathetic loathing,
closing credits can roll
i'm proud to be back, i'm 'bout to,
like a rematch
outdo relapse
with recovery, mathers lp2
help propel me to victory laps
gas toward them and fast forward the past
consider the last four minutes as
the song i'd have sang to my daughters
if i'd have made it to the hospital
less than two hours later, but i fought it
came back like a boomerang on 'em
now a new day is dawning, i'm up,
tuesday, it's morning
now i know"
"i don't know why this world keeps turning
round and round
but i wish it would stop, and let me off right now
yes man
as the world turns
we all experience things in life
trials and tribulations
that we all must go through
when someone wants to test us
when someone tries our patience
i hang with a bunch of hippies
and wacky tobacco planters
who swallow lit roaches
and light up like jack o lanterns
outsiders baby, and we suing the courts
cuz we're dope as f*** and only get a 2 in the source
they never should've booted me out of reform school
deformed fool,takin a shit in a warm pool
they threw me out the ramada inn
i said it wasn't me, i got a twin
it all started when my mother took my bike away
cuz i murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the
microwave
after that, it was straight to the 40 ouncers
slappin teachers, and jackin off in front of my
counselors
class clown freshman, dressed like les nessman
f*** the next lesson, i'll past the test guessin
and all the other kids said eminem's a dishead,
he'll never last, the only class he'll pass is phys ed
may be true, till i told this b**** in gym class
that she was too fat to swim laps, she needed slim
fast yeah b**** you so big you walked into big tanny's and stepped on jenny craig
she picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
put me in the headlock, then i thought of my guinea pig
i felt the evilness and started transformin it began storming, i heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming
grabbed that b**** by her hair
drug her across the ground
and took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down
sorry coach, its too late to tell me stop
while i drop this b**** face down and watch her belly flop
as the world turns
these are the days of our lives
these are the things that we must go through
day by day
we drive around in million dollar sports cars
while little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards
outsiders, and we suing the courts
cuz we dope as f*** and only get a 2 in the source
hypercondriac, hanging out at the laundromat
where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at
dressed like a sailor, standin by a pale of garbage
it's almost dark and i'm still tryna nail a trailor park b****
i met a slut and said ""what up, it's nice to meet ya""
i'd like to treat ya to a faygo and a slice of pizza
but i'm broke as f*** and i don't get paid till the first of next month
but if you care to join me, i was bout to roll this next blunt
but i aint got no weed, no phillies, or no papers
plus i'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist
so gimme all your money
and don't try nothin funny
cuz you know your stinkin ass is too fat to try to
outrun me
i went to grab my gun
thats when her ass put it on me
wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry
i fell through the glass doors
started causin a scene
then slid across the floor and flew right into a
washin machine
jumped up with a broken back
thank god i was smokin crack all day
and doped up off coke and smack
all i wanted to do was rape the b**** and snatch her
purse
now i wanna kill her
but so i gotta catch her first
ran through rally's parkin lot and took a shortcut
saw the house she ran up in
and shot her f***in porch up
kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut
looked around the room
thats when i seen the bedroom door shut
i know you're in there b****! i got my gun cocked!
you might as well come out now
she said ""come in, its unlocked!""
i walked in and all i smelled was liz claiborne
and seen her spread across the bed naked watchin g**
porn
she said ""come her big boy, lets get acquainted""
i turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained
it
she came at me at full speed, nothin could stop her
i shot her five times and every bullet bounced off
her
i started to beg ""no, please let go""
but she swallowed my f***in leg whole like an egg
roll
with one leg left, now i'm hoppin around crippled
i grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right
nipple
just trying to buy me some time, then i remembered
this magic trick
den den den den den den, go go gadget d***!
whipped that shit out, and aint no doubt about it
it hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power
outage
i shouted ""now b****, lets see who gets the best!""
stuffed that shit in crooked and f***ed that fat slut
to death come here b****!
come here!
take this motherf***in d***!
b****, come here!
chorus to fade
and as we go along
throughout the days of our lives
we all face small obstacles and challenges everyday
that we must go through
these are the things that surround us through our
atmosphere
every day
every single day the world keeps turning
keeps turning"
"i'll be
the way you shake it
i can't believe it
i ain't never seen an ass like ""that""
the way you move it
you make my pee pee go
da doing doing doing
i don't believe it
it's almost too good to be true
i ain't never seen an ass like ""that""
the way you move it
you make my pee pee go
doing doing doing
the way she moves she like a belly danca
she's shakin that ass to the new nelly jamsa
i think someone's at the door, but i don't think i'ma answa
police saying freeze... da doing doing doing
what do you mean freeze?
please i'm a human being
i have needs, i'm not done
not till i'm finished pee ing
i am not resisting arrest, i am agreeing
mister officer, i'm already on my knees
i can't get on the ground any further it's impossible for me
and do not treat me like a murderer
i just like to pee pee, pee
yes i make r'n'b
i sing song, it a ring a chong
a ching chong chong chong ching
syke, i joke, i joke, i kidd, i kidd
if i offend, i'm sorry please please forgive
for i am triumph the puppet dog
i am a mere puppet
i can get away with anything i say
and you will love it
the way you shake it
i can't believe it
i ain't never seen an ass like ""that""
the way you move it
you make my pee pee go
da doing doing doing
jessica simpson
looks oh so temptin
nick i ain't never seen an ass like ""that""
everytime i see the show on mtv
my pee pee goes
da doing doing doing
mary kate and ashley used to be so wholesome
now they gettin older
they startin to grow bum bums
i go to the movies and sit down with my popcorn
police saying freeze... da doing doing doing
what do you mean freeze?
jeez, i just got my seat
i have tickit, look i put away my zipper's zipped
please do not remove me from this movie theater please
i did not even get to see mary kate's shower scene
i didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene
and don't treat me like i'm pee wee herman
this movie is pg mister officer
i demand to see my attorney
i will simply plead innocent
cop a plea and be free
free, yes, free, right back on the streets
what do you mean my lawyer is with michael
he's too busy, i'm triumph
britney spears has shoulders like a man
and i can say that and you laugh
cuz there's a puppet on my hand 
the way you shake it
i can't believe it
i ain't never seen an ass like ""that""
the way you move it
you make my pee pee go
da doing doing doing
hilary duff is
not quite old enough so
i ain't never seen a butt like ""that""
maybe next year i'll say ass
and she'll make my pee pee go
da doing doing doing
the way she moves she dances like a gogo
in that video she sings ""get out"" you boso
""i need a new boyfriend, hi my name is jojo""
police saying freeze... da doing doing doing
what do you mean freeze?
my computers will be seized
and my keys to my ranch
i just baked cookies
mister officer, lookie, take a whiff of these
here, i make jesus juice, take a sip of this
nobody is safe from me, no not even me
i don't even know if i can say the word pee pee
pee, on the radio, but i think i did
janet, is that a breast? i think i just saw a tit!
syke, i joke, i joke, i kidd, i kidd
i don't think my joke is working, i must flee
quick, get to the chopper, everybody get out
i'm not triumph, i'm arnold, get ""down""
the way you shake it
i can't believe it
i ain't never seen an ass like ""that""
the way you move it
you make my pee pee go
da doing doing doing
so gwen stefani
will you pee pee on me please?
i ain't never seen a ass like that
cuz the way you move it
you make my pee pee go
da doing doing doing
f*** is wrong with you? "
"i'm the next one next one
motherf***ers can' f*** with me with me
got a problem shorty come get me
nah, i ain't dr. dre, nah, i ain' eminem or 50
dog i?m stat
as i think back, retract, from the classroom to the trap
freida's only son had to hustle for scraps
it''s hard to relax when your wage minimum, being broke
f***, with my adrenaline before dre and eminem
i was trying to get on demo tapes state to state
performing at clubs and doing whatever it takes
relying on faith hoping my dreams take shape
and my fate meeting i would wait for these a&r?s say i ain?t grind b****
spending my last dime on this studio time shit
a lot of folk told me i was stupid for trying this
situation crucial feds off in my climate
home environment taking pictures of me it was ugly
the spot got hot, scene felt like curry
had my vision blurry to underground atlanta
hit the streets me and zeke put a plan together
shorty it's now or never down to do whatever
you see the rainfall came but i had to bear that weather
look your boy need cheddar like a mill or better
i was fed up but the benefit was worth the effort
i'm patiently waiting used to get love
now the same n****s hating wanna give me slugs
partner don't get it separated or twisted, you can't fade it
stat''s the wrong motherf***er to play with, understand me
if you opened up your ears long enough to listen
you may hear what you've been missing out all of this time
i've been put in a position to put all this in position
so quit your b****ing, learn how to rhyme, get signed and get your shine
it''s like this and like that and, uh, welcome to statlanta
shady aftermath and, uh, a brand new rapper from atlanta
who goes by the name of stat quo, introducing our new excuse to keep producing
continue to do music, use it and expand it and make rap grow
the hottest new shit on the planet, on a new plateau
but don't confuse it, you don't understand it
let me break it down for you to show you how we do shit
so that you cats know, this is statlanta 101
cause we don't want no one walking out this motherf***er with tunnel vision
so anyone with questions you want answered
just ask and we'll try to unmask them and maybe explain why so few cats blow
just spit the truth when you get in this booth and do that though
that there boy hot to death, you already knew that though
is he the greatest from the atl? we got haters all day to debate us
so we'll just say this: he's one of them not to tackle!
i got caviar wishes, box chevy dreams
cd covers, tv screens
the booth or the block, might go to triple beam
i'mma make it right, hear me, huh huh huh
f*** what your saying, god put me here to shine
going on tour or white collar crime
the rhyme or the grind, mpc or the nine
i'ma make it, i need mine, huh huh huh
i can care less, f*** yall, you don't make or break me
real n****s love me, p**** n****s hate me
down b****es ride for stat quo, they know
the a town d young county be trill folk
didn't no other label offer me no deal
till they found out shady/ aftermath was interested
then they started to beg, want the truth, there it is
this ain't a gimmick, this the south and i be that kid
just ride through watching lines of his rhymes
in time you're going to find you're on a great trip
ain't a word i could life be some extraordinary shit
the piece of the puzzle that fit, it's stat quo, you son of a b****"
"one thousand different houses and munchausen
i'mma make you wanna punch out some f***in' one ""ouch""
what the f***'d you hit me for?
scream life as i punch counter and bunches out of anger
i once encountered a stranger
in a dumb gown, black hood
what a sight
shit i laughed in his face spit
b**** gave me an extra life, like take this
get your ass back in that game
b**** don't take shit for granted
and don't take shit, give it!
only bull you should take is by the horns
a mixture of whitey ford and mighty thor
i everlast, pen is mightier then sword
finish writing then record
replenish keep writing more
nothing's riding on it but your privates
are you're fighting for
so you fight, scratch, you claw
backs to wall
no one was there to catch you fall
you pick yourself back up, you dust your jacket off
you grab your balls, like they're? and
ask yourself how f***ing bad you want it
pull out your pants, whoop your ass and flash it on em'
nobodies gonna back you in the corner
throw a hornet
no one's more ig norant
then you f***in' four in the morning you're at?
storming like there's nothing that's more important
mc's you better consider this a formal warning
you're in for it girl, what would you do if i said
your body was off the chain?
and i told you i smile every single time i saw your face
i ain't finished b****
i meant in half, oil the blades
nobody wants to play
they say i'm a spoiled little baby
but
nobody put's baby in the corner
i'm only trying to warn ya
cus that baby get's mad
and get's to throwing a tantrum
he'll f***ing flip on ya
cus' nobody put's baby in the corner
i'm only trying to warn ya
cus that baby get's mad
and get's to throwing a tantrum
he'll f***ing flip on ya
what goes through an addict's brain?
besides static pain and big daddy kane
break, beats and words
an erratic train of thought
like splatter paint
scatter brain
yeah maybe why that explains
why you're back but you don't rap the same
and you're looking way thinner
because your hunger got you looking like
a took away dinner
sugar ray leonard wouldn't sugar coat
a f***ing booger though
just to wipe that b**** on a hooker's coat
when you say you're a chooka what chooka what
now fling that b**** from your fingertips
i hope it lands on another rap singers lips
who can't think of shit
anything of wit, that's intresting to spit
whose king of this f***ing english lit?
let your middle fingers flip
on each hand, whilst extending this shit
how low can you go?
lower then chuck d ho
hear the bass of this in my voice
rocky's back, where's my adrian
nobodies crazy as shady in an eighty million mile radius
i'm what tom brady is to the patriots of rap
not a man, i'm a weapon
who just happened to be a rapper
who just happen to be on the crapper
when it happened i had an epiphany
in the bathroom, i'd never be the same after
now i'm back with an apper tite
for destruction the f***ing recipe for disaster
so let's eat cos' i'm fammished
every deed is a bastardly one
evil its past it
even you asking for me to be pulled
like to people
is like me having my teeth pulled"
"police voice:
attention all units, attention all units
we have an all points bulletin out on a man with green hair
i repeat, we have an apb on a man with green hair
he's armed with a knife, i repeat, he's armed with a knife
proceed with caution, watch your back fella's
he could be coming at your girlfriend next
verse 1:
there's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward
his face is up on the bulletin board with a reward
he'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm
he's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm
ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair
check at your girl's house, he was last seen there
he's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes
good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks
chorus:
i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
hit a b**** snake from the back, i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
stay away from him he ain't no good!
verse 2:
we got the walkie talkies to keep us all informed
suited up head to toe in detective uniforms
our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors
locking down every block and put up metal detectors
protectors and be sure that you stand close
watch each others backs and guard your command post
and most of all be advised that he's wise
he could be disguised as one of your very own guys
chorus:
i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
hit a b**** snake from the back, i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
stay away from him he ain't no good!
verse 3:
i'm on a solo mission to find him personally
to settle the score and beat then him mercifully
for what he first did to me
it's sure to be the last
following footprints with a magnifying glass
to drag his lying ass back to his padded cell
i'm mad as hell, on the trail of the tattle tail
i heard a yell the voice sounded familiar
""give me your girlfriend or i'm gonna kill ya""
chorus:
i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
hit a b**** snake from the back, i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
stay away from him he ain't no good!
verse 4:
i followed the voice that led down a flight of steps
sneezing at dust, and swinging at the spider webs
inside the depths of his basement
i taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place… went!
i saw my life flash in front of my eyes
i felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs
none of my guys knew where i'm at i was doomed
then i remembered the flashlight in my costume
chorus:
i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
hit a b**** snake from the back, i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
stay away from him he ain't no good!
verse 5:
dealing with backstabber's there was one thing i learned
they're only powerful when you got your back turned
i yearned for the day that we finally met again
so i can give him a taste of his own medicine
he shed his skin, then he promised to come clean
i took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen
cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home
beating him over the head with the telephone
police voice:
attention all cars, attention all cars
unit 313 has apprehended the suspect
he's going back to the crazy home, i repeat
he's going back to the crazy home, how about that?
chorus:
i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
hit a b**** snake from the back, i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
stay away from him he ain't no good!
i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
hit a b**** snake from the back, i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
stay away from him he ain't no good!
i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
hit a b**** snake from the back, i make you think you're a best friend then
why i oughtta
stay away from him he ain't no good!"
"it's like i'm in this dirt diggin' up old hurt
tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work
all it takes is one song on the radio yer, right back on it
remindin' me all over again how you f***in' just brushed me off and left me so burnt
spent a lot of time tryin' to soul search
maybe i needed to grow up a little first
well looks like i hit a growth spurt
but i'm comin' for closure
don't suppose an explanation i'm owed for
the way that you turned your back on me just
when i may have needed you most, oh, you thought it was over
you could just close the chapter
and go about your life like it was nothin'
you ruined mine, but you seem to be doin' fine
well i've never recovered, but tonight 'betcha that whatch yer
'bout to go through's tougher than anything i ever have suffered
can't think of a, better way to define poetic justice
can i hold grudges? mind is sayin' ""let it go f*** this""
heart is sayin' ""i will once i bury this b**** alive hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset"" and...
i flee the scene, like it was my last ride
you see right through, oh, you had me pegged the first time
you can see the truth, but it's easier to justify
what's bad is good and i hate to be the bad guy
i just hate to be the bad guy
and to think i used to think you was the shit, b****
to think it was you at one time i worshipped? shit
think you can hurt people and just keep getting' away with it?
not this time you, better go and get sewing kit, b****
finish this stitch so you can reap what you sew, knit wit
thought some time would pass and i'd forget it? forget it
you left our family in shambles
and you expect me to just get over him? pretend he never existed?
maybe gone, but he's not forgotten
and don't think cause he's been out the pictures so long
that i've stopped the plottin' and still ain't comin' to git 'cha
you're wrong and that shit was rotten
and the way you played him's same shit you did to me, cold
have you any idea the shit i've gone through?
feelings i harbor, all this pent up resentment i hold on to
not once you call to ask me how i'm doing
letters you don't respond to 'em
f*** it, i'm coming to see you
and gee who better to talk to than you?
the cause of my problems
my life is garbage and i'm 'bout to take it out on you
puff, then i'm gone
i flee the scene like it was my last ride
you see right through, oh, you had me pegged the first time
you can see the truth but it's easier to justify what's bad is good
and i hate to be the bad guy, i just hate to be the bad guy
i've been driving around your side of this town
like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
finally i found your new address, park in your drive
feel like i've been waiting on this moment all of my life
and it's now arrived, and my mouth is full of saliva
my knife is out and i'm ducking on the side of your house
see, it's sad it came to this point
such a disappointment i had to make this appointment to come and see ya
but ain't here for ya empathy, i don't need your apology
or your friendship of sympathy, it's revenge that i seek
so i sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window
like i reach my full potential, i peeked
continue to peep, still bent low
then keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo
sneak all the way 'round to the back porch
man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
you don't plan for intruders beforehand?
surprised to see me? cat got your tongue?
gag, chloroform rag, dag almost hack up a lung
like you picked an axe up and then swung
stick to the core plan, dragged to the back of a trunk
by one of your fans, irony spectacular, huh?
now who's a f*****, you punk?
and here's your bronco hat, you can have that shit back cause they suck
it's just me, you and the music now, slim
i hope you hear it, we're in a car right now
wait, here comes my favorite lyric
""i'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die""
and hey, here's a sequel to my mathers lp
just to try to get people to buy
how's this for publicity stunt? this should be fun
last album now cause after this you'll be officially done
eminem killed by m and m
matthew mitchell, b****, i even have your initials
i initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but f*** it
since you're in love with your city so much
i figured, what the f***, the best place you could be buried alive is right here
two more exits, time is quite near
hope we don't get stopped, no license i fear
that sirens i hear? guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea
as cops appear in my driver side mirror
hope fox trot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot, at least
new plan stan
slim, chauvinist pig drove in this big lincoln town car
well gotta go, almost at the bridge, haha big bro it's for you
slim, this is for him and frank ocean, oh hope you can swim good
now say you hate homos again
i also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
i'm the nightmare you fell asleep and woke up still in
i'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
nope, it's hopeless, i'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
when they say all of this is approaching its end
but you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
back's to the wall, i'm stacking up all them odds
toilets clogged, yeah 'cause i'm talking a lot of shit but i'm backing it all up
but in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers
after the track is demolished
i am your lack of a conscience
i'm the ringing in your ears
i'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils
eating your vocal chords after your concerts
i'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged
grab for some water but i'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow
i'm the bullies you hate, that you became
with every f***** you slaughtered
coming back on you, every woman you insult
batter, with the double standard you have when it comes to your daughters
i represent everything you take for granted
'cause marshall mathers the rapper's persona's half a façade
and matthew and stan's just symbolic, of you not knowing what you had until it's gone
'cause after all the glitz and the glam, no more fans that are calling your name
cameras are off
sad, but it happens to all of them
i'm the hindsight to say i told you so
foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
i'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow
if you don't stop after they call you the
biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits
when it's time to walk away
i'm every guilt trip
the baggage you have
but as you gather up all your possessions
if there's anything you have left to say
unless it makes an impact don't bother
so before you rest your case
better make sure you're packing a wallop
so one last time, i'm back
before it fades into black and it's all over
behold the final chapter in a saga
trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
twice the magic that started it all
tragic portrait of an artist tortured
trapped in his own drawings
tap into thoughts
blacker and darker than anything imaginable
here goes a wild stab in the dark
as we pick up where the last mathers left off"
"all you see is the sun
reflecting off of the gun
get ready for the showdown
it go down at one
sweat on my brow
let's settle it now
i'm a show you how real cowboys get down
i'm polishin gold, waitin' for this drama to unfold
i got a blunt rolled
feelin' bold, gangstas blood runs cold
it's time to reload this ol' 45 cold
the wind's rushin, it's hot muggy & dusty
i bust a couple a shots, make sure i'm not rusty
it's past noon, they should be here soon
sip a lil moonshine, inside of some loom
all a sudden i could hear the sounds of hooves
it sounds like a thousand wolves
i cocked back, toastin the host that froze
i pose like a poster, it's closer than close
i hope the heat's dirty
i heard he fights dirty
but i'm a leave 30 inside him & leave early
and just when i went to feel him ??
i put the gun to his head, & this is what he said
you never met, me
you'll prolly never see me again
but i know you, the name's slim
you want revenge?
then don't shoot, i'm in the same boots as you
i'm tellin the truth, i got a price on my head too
chorus:
ya ride like a cowboy toward the sun
life ain't fun when you're on the run
got your gold & you got your gun
but life as a outlaw just begun
got your shotgun by your side
got your horse & you got your pride
ya ride 'til there ain't no place to hide
it's sad 'cuz the bad guys always die
he was shady, you can see him by the look on his face
he said take 10 paces, shit, i took 8
spun around & i aimed straight for the brain
my shit went bang, but it only fired a blank
he said i put a clip in the gun & pointed it at his arms
he pointed it & you at the same time and i stood stunned
i figured he was tellin' the truth, that's why i
didn't shoot
so what we gon' do, it's on you
did you recall when you and snoop was a group? well all we gotta do is find the map to part 2
plus i know who's got it some old dude, he's got 26 plaques and he's already sold 2
i loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle
here are two pieces of gold inside of my statues
we rolled two miles until we hit the spot
an old ghost town that everybody forgot
a place where i used to smoke chronic a lot
slim grabbed his shot gun
dre here's the plot
this is the spot
they call him doc loveless
he's goin' around sayin' he took the game from us
he ain't go no legs, they cut 'em off at the stomach
he's got mechanical legs, he spins webs
plus he's more respected by the hip hop edge
my mission, is to get him to stop layin' eggs and
we could put him on his back down a fligh of steps
(i drew two guns and spun 'em on my fingers
get the swingers doin it, startin' gun slingin
i could hear somebody singin'
sounded like a g thang and a verse from ""keep they heads ringin""
i said it's dre's day and started to spray
instead a 18 hundred, he pulls an ak
all a chips started flyin' every which way
that's when i saw dre in trouble and game to the gage
i fired the first shot, he spun his body around
he hit the ground and landed upside down
dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold
i grabbed two girlies and a blunt that's rolled
chorus 2x"
"chorus one]
people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already f***ed, i'm just addin to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it
people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already f***ed, i'm just addin to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it
hand me an ,8, beam me up and land me in space
i'ma sit on top of the world  and shit on brandy and
mase
i'm more than ill
i'm scarier than a white journalist in a room with lauryn hill
human horror film
but with a lot funnier plot, and people that feel me
cause i'ma still be madd rapper, whether i got money or not
as long as i'm on pills, and i got plenty of pot
i'll be in a canoe paddlin, makin fun of your yacht
but i would like an award
for the best rapper to get one mic in the source
and a wardrobe i can afford
otherwise i might get sent up back strike in a ford
and you wonder what the f*** i need more vicadin for
everybody's pissin' me off; even the no limit tank
looks like a middle finger sideways flippin me off
no shit i'm a great danger to my health
why else would i kill you then jump in the grave and bury
myself?
people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already f***ed, i'm just addin to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it
people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already f***ed, i'm just addin to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it
i'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrollin corners
looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of
quarters
i'm meaner in action than roscoe beatin james todd sr.
across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments i grew up in a wild hood, as a hazardous youth
with a f***ed up childhood, that i used as an excuse
and ain't shit changed, i kept the same mindstate
since the third time that i failed 9th grade
you probably think that i'm a negative person, don't be so sure
of it
i don't promote violence, i just encourage it i laugh at the sight of death
as i fall down a cement flight of steps and land inside a bed of spider webs
so throw caution to the wind; you and a friend
can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
shit, why not, blow your brain out, i'm blowin mine out
f*** it, you only live once, you might as well die now!
people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already f***ed, i'm just addin to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it
people say that i'm a bad influence
i say the world's already f***ed, i'm just addin to it
they say i'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol c'mon do as i do, go ahead get mad and do it
my laser disc gon' make you take a razor to your wrist
make you satanistic, make you take the pistol to your face
and place the clip and cock it back
and let it go until your brains are rippin out
your skull so bad to sew you back would be a waste of stitches
i'm not a ""role model,"" i don't wanna babysit kids
i got one little girl, and hailey jade is shady's business
and shady's just an alias i made to make you pissed off
where the f*** were you when gil was paid to make me dishwash?
i make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got
you made me get a bigger attitude than eighty kim scott's
and she almost got the same fate that grady's b**** got
i knew that ""just the two of us"" would make you hate me this
much
and ""just the two of us,"" that ain't got shit to do with us
and our personal life, it's just words on a mic
so you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig
but the funny shit is that i still go with the b****!"
"intro:
aahhhh
oh, it's music to my ears, oh man
how can i describe the way i feel...f***ing great man
ok, let me see how can i begin
verse 1:
locked in mariah's wine celler all i had for lunch
was bread wine, more bread wine and captain crunch
red wine for breakfast and for brunch
and to soak it up an in between snack crackers to munch
mariah what ever happened to us
why did we have to break up
all i asked for was a glass of punch
you see i never really asked for much i can't imagine what's
goin through your mind after such
a nasty break up with that latin hunk
louis miguel, nick cannon better back the f*** up
i'm not playin i want to back you punk
this is hello kitty bedspread satin funk
mixed with egyptian with the little rappin punk
zappin eric clapton ?
i want another crack at ya
you can beat me with any spatula that you want
i mean i really want ya bad ya c***
nick you had your fun
i've come to get ya when your sack got jumped
man i can use a fresh batch of blood
so prepare your vernacular for dracular acupuncture
chorus:
bagpipes from baghdad
when will it ever cease
for pete's sakes he's crazy to say the least
bagpipes from baghdad
what's goin through my mind
half the time when i rhyme we're blowin up like
bagpipes from baghdad
someone turn the vacancy sign on
cause i'm gone, blowing up like
bagpipes from baghdad
i run the streets and mack
like a madman holdin a glack
verse 2:
you can be a permanent fixture in my lyrical mixture
i'm the miracle whip, a trickster
my ? a sound when a tube of lipstick's around
i'm bound to put it on in an instant wow man
what an ensemble, what an assortment of armour
? just beautiful build us to my ?
cuticles get residue cause i'm touchin the bottle
never knew i could remind me so much of my momma
i'll cut ya like dahmer, pull the butcher kife on ya
the size of a sword boy i'm like the f***in ruts on ya
get it stuck in your cornea, nice knowin ya norman
your so f***in annoyin, drop the shovel boy
you don't know what the f*** your doin
i ain't playin no f***in more
eminem bagpipes from baghdad lyrics found on
nick cannon you prick i wish you luck with the f***in war
every minute there's a sucker born, snuck up on
maliki made the motherf***er suck on a struck of corn
shucker, shuck a corn, shuck a corn
hit jason in the face with a hockey puck and tell em it's f***in on
man what the f*** are ya doin
you're runnin over the snowblower with the lawnmower
blowin your bagpipes from baghdad
chorus
bagpipes from baghdad
when will it ever cease
for pete's sakes he's crazy to say the least
bagpipes from baghdad
what's goin through my mind
half the time when i rhyme we're blowin up like
bagpipes from baghdad
someone turn the vacancy sign on
cause i'm gone, blowing up like
bagpipes from baghdad
i run the streets and mack
like a madman holdin a glack
verse 3:
in the bed with two braindead lesbian vegetables
i bet you they become heterosexual
nothing will stop me from molestin you
titty f***in you til your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles
is what they said to the two conjoined twins
how's it going girlfriends, you need a boyfriend
you need some ointment, just set up an appointment
who's gonna see the doctor first, we'll do a coin flip
i just got my one year sorbiety coin chip
when the bad get goin, how bad does the going get
baby you shouldn't have any trouble rubbin groins wit
each other especially when you're joined at the hip
i'm going to get the needle and thread from the sewing kit
an attempt to separate 'em and stitch 'em back at the loin shit
lure the little boy with the chocolate chips ahoy! chip
cookie lookie even took me a polariod
chorus
bagpipes from baghdad
when will it ever cease
for pete's sakes he's crazy to say the least
bagpipes from baghdad
what's goin through my mind
half the time when i rhyme we're blowin up like
bagpipes from baghdad
someone turn the vacancy sign on
cause i'm gone, blowing up like
bagpipes from baghdad
i run the streets and mack
like a madman holdin a glack
hghum day li laaa aaa aaa aaa aa aah aah x4
por: teeago@hotmail.com"
"ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably
b ballin' uncontrollably
man, i got everything candy painted
candy painted tint, it's so dark
i'd be lying if i said i ain't hid
at least nine of my friends
plus, i got so much candy paint in my rims
paint be flyin' off my car
be candy paintin' the neighborhood kids
i got that whole block lookin' like it's candyland
ask about me, man, they be like, there go the candy man
i park the car in the garage and go in and
come back the next mornin'
the rims are still spinnin'
hit the  on that phantom, man, that shit looks like the batmobile
32 inch rims, shit, i ain't even got no wheels
custom fitted, custom kitted wood grain
custom everything, what's that on the seat?
custom mustard stain
now let's go hit the mall, y'all know that we finna ball
get out the car, they be like, ""ah, there go them superstars!""
hit every single store, flash a f***ing wad of cash
but i ain't buying shit, b****
kiss my candy painted ass
we...
ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably
b ballin' uncontrollably
yeah, yeah
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
hit the corner liquor store
to get corona, tip the owners
sipped it on the way out as i dipped, i wanna rip the road up
and i'ma hit the cinema and i'ma get the hoes,
when i be it, i be it, shit, anything goes
i'm ballin' out of control, girls know i'm loaded with dough
but, shit, i'm stingy as f***
i'm f***in' stingy as hoesthese b****es don't get a crumb, and it come
but i'm like what up
shut up, b****, sit up, get up off them knees
my candy paint's enough
if you're lucky, i'll let you hug me, but that's all you get
then i'ma split, disappear, a cloud of smoke is all you see
yeah...
ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably
b ballin' uncontrollably
b****, get the f*** out my car if we ain't finna f***
i'm horny as f***, b****, are you suckin' my d*** or what?
i'll f*** a chick in the butt, i really don't give a shit
is pretty marshall gonna have to go choke me a b****?
you f***in' keyed up my benz
b****, i beat up my friends
don't think i won't beat a b****
i'll kick a six year old in the ribs
you f***in' r*****, i'll have you suckin' farts out my seat
i'll teach you not to know how to control your bowels when you eat
what the f*** do you think that colostomy bag is for, looks?
i ain't waste my bullets on you for you to not sing no hooks
i f***in' take a make a wish foundation patient with me
how 'bout some coke inside of your saline solution iv?
turn around and use it on me
you tryna  my keys?
you f***in' broad, get in back, you're comin' to florida with me,
tell your momma i'ma drop you off at the hospital later
we finna make this run
take this gun and cover me, slater
and quit your...
ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably
ballin' uncontrollably
b ballin' uncontrollably"
"uh, i feel no pain
uh, i've got my mask on
uh, i'm numb to the world
the devil out to get me, moving pretty fast
head on collision, i'm tryna avoid the crash i'm running from my past that's why i wear the mask
these blood sucking leeches, all they want is the cash
you don't get the picture, it could be gone in a flash i'm running from my past that's why i wear the mask
hope you bought a package of kleenex back is the rejects actually it? s a fact that we shack in the p jects
naturally a rat pack will attack cheese that? s why i? m in yellow and green
may i tap the trap with all these no i don? t trust these hoes, n**** say they love you for you then turn into a gold digger what the f*** you ask me for a dollar for?
shooting the gym? i ain? t ballin' ho
what i look like, iguodala you know? yup, shots fired, callin' it kettle
black shit turned the pot higher, eyes tired
keep trying to sell me a smile, but i? m a hard buyer
keep shit movin' like a car tire
what you want, a necklace?
i? ll make you a chain out some barbed wire
the devil out to get me, moving pretty fast
head on collision, i'm tryna avoid the crash i'm running from my past that's why i wear the mask
these blood sucking leeches, all they want is the cash
you don't get the picture, it could be gone in a flash i'm running from my past that's why i wear the mask
i got his earth on my shoulders, real life for rappin'
if you threw the planet at me i? d headbutt it and crack it
on another tax bracket and i been cleanin' my house
but my old habits are in the attic, i? ll pull 'em out
and keep reminding y'all you ain? t got it all
devil keep pulling me by the drawers
not at all amazed at these haters, you? ve seen my catalog
speaking and we keep flying over 'em like a cannonball
think i? m this comical, swag follower just rhyming over beats
while these leakers suckin' all of us off still got your mama covered in vomit in my cellphone
y'all really got me f***ed up
what you mixin' up in that cup?
what the hell you sprinkle in that blunt?
44, make him sober up
i got an addiction to all these prescriptions
need an intervention, someone to listen
catholic or christian, f*** your suspicions
turn it up i be blowing on half a pound
pass it around and pass it around
merry go round, merry go round
she say she love me, but this b**** is ugly
i'mma still let her f*** me
the devil out to get me, moving pretty fast
head on collision, i'm tryna avoid the crash i'm running from my past that's why i wear the mask
these blood sucking leeches, all they want is the cash
you don't get the picture, it could be gone in a flash i'm running from my past that's why i wear the mask
they say the devil is a liar
n**** don't worry 'bout that loud mouth
bumping his gums and babbling
watch for them quiet n****s
on the real, you should come ride with us
crew full of riders; optimus
my bad cause it seems like you got your facts all crossed up, no swastikas
fadin' in and out of my consciousness
tryna fight this feeling i? m conjurin'
that's why i wear a hat so low with a mask
really feelin' like the loch ness
no bullshit, these b****es are more grimy
doing a n**** real slimey
had my little homie stretched out, death untimely
need not remind me, hold up
yo, don? t get doped up
heard rumors that n****s wanna clap at me
well actually, i was just over there
n****s ain? t really do jack to me
that? s why i keep this mask on, straight face
only thing that? s missing is my sherlon, get my runyon ave on
the devil out to get me, moving pretty fast
head on collision, i'm tryna avoid the crash i'm running from my past that's why i wear the mask
these blood sucking leeches, all they want is the cash
you don't get the picture, it could be gone in a flash i'm running from my past that's why i wear the mask"
"i used to guzzle 40's, and own a beat up caddy
since the hood still love me, i'll turn the heat up daddy
i went from mackin fly honies on the train
to straight relaxin on the beach, countin money gettin brain
soon as you rappers get a chance you wanna floss a lot
you buy a iced out watch because it cost a lot
then you in the club, stylin with dough
profilin with hoes that we boned, a while ago
you rookies haven't done enough laps around the track
you had one hot single, but then your album sounds wack
son you bore me with your war stories
you ain't even do that shit, so that's just more stories
how you expect us to take you seriously?
the look in my eye punk, has got you scared of me
i'm blastin your sons, i'm snatchin your funds
you catch a royal ass whoopin, you've been askin for one
""what.. what?"" ""yo man.."" ""you know the drill""
""what.. what?"" ""yo man.."" ""how much money you got?""
b**** you don't even know, the half about me
i bring it straight to your chest, ask your staff about me
i'm just a little bit older, plus a whole lot wiser
i might advise ya, or i might pulverize ya
i can visit any city, get respect in the street
while you alone in your room, shook to death of the streets
i'll take a second to speak, i keep my weapon in reach
i ain't talkin romance but you'll get swept off your feet
i keeps a ghetto chick, that loves to blast and she peddle shit
groupies fake moves, i get her to settle shit
you can't compare to the status right here
legendary worldwide, we can battle right here
listen junior, i'ma tear back your wig
this ain't tv but i'll show you what a ""fear factor"" is
stop grillin me, and all that frontin is killin me
you leave me no choice but to hurt your feelings g
""what.. what?"" ""yo man.."" ""how much money you got?""
""what.. what?"" ""yo man.."" ""you know the drill""
""you know the drill""
""you know the drill"""
"and i started from the bottom
like a snowman, ground up
like round chuck, and still
put hands on you
staying wound up is how i spend time
sucker free, confidence high
such a breeze when i pin rhymes
i just got the air about me
like wind chimes another day in the life used to have to scrape to get by now my community's gated
and i made it, and my neighbors say hi
i'm giving them pounds,
i'm upscale now
guess it means
i'm way in the sky
but i still remember the days of,
minimal wage for
general labor,
welfare recipients is a minor
look at how government assistance has made ya
adversity, if at first
you don't succeed
put your temper to more use
'cause being broke's a poor excuse
that shit only gives you more fuel
show them why you're you
so close, god,
it's like i almost got it
but close only counts
in timebombs and horseshoes
so i uni bomb shit 
no remorse
screw it, i'm lit,
and that attitude i blew up on quick
that's why they call me firecracker
i grew up on wick  with
a short fuse
i got some important news to report to
anyone who thought i was done,
nah, b****, not quite
spotlight's back on,
got my faith,
where's yours?
do you still believe in me?
didn't i get everything i had
to give you to make you see?
i'll never forget if you
turn your back on me
now and walk out i will
never let you live it down
do you still believe in me?
man, i know sometimes these
thoughts can be harsh and cold as ice
to me, they're just ink blots
i just fling 'em like slingshots,
and so precise
so you might want to think it over twice
when you r*****s can roll the dice
but beef will at least cost you your career
'cause even my cheap shots are overpriced
but this middle finger's free as a bird
nuke warhead ed birth,
you just forehead on earth
too short for a verse, studied his formula
learned how to incorporate a curse
point it towards corporate america
stick a fork in it and turn
'cause four letter words
are more better
heard the world force fed a turd to me
you're getting yours
but sometimes i overdo it
but i just get so into it
i was there consoling you
when no one knew it
when your situation showed no improvement
i was that door, you walked over to it
i'm the light at the end of tunnel
so people are always looking at me
as they're going through it
when that tunnel vision is unclear,
shit becomes too much to bear
since ""cleaning out my closet""
when i was having trouble
with the snare
i'm that unrealistic prayer answered
and i'ma get you jacked up,
like you're trying
to fix a flat ,
when you struggle with despair
that double fisted bear,
knuckles coupled with this
pair of nuts i'm cupping
i am your f***ing switch, nothing can compare
do you still believe in me?
didn't i get everything
i had to give you to make you see?
i'll never forget if you
turn your back on me
now and walk out
i will never let you live it down
do you still believe in me?
started from the bottom like a snowman
oh man, put that in your
corncob pipe and smoke that
but my battery's low
i'm gonna need a booster in my pack
i know i always got proof
on my back
i called you proof 'cause i knew for a fact
my ace in the hole
homie i'm calling on you
'cause i think i'm slowly
startin' to lose faith in it, so
give me that inkling and motivation to go
hussein with the flow
fake fans with the two faced that show
let heartbeats loot,
produce hate in my soul
laying vocals two days in a row
true statement,
hate to go down this road
but there's only one route
to cross this bridge
so i walk in this
b**** with loose change
'cause all my dues paid
but this booth is taking its toll
but it's never too late
to start a new beginning
that goes for you too
so what the f*** you gon' do,
use the tools you're given?
or are you going to use
the cards you were dealt
as an excuse for you to not
do shit with them
i used to play the loser victim
'til i saw the way proof was driven
i found my vehicle and
i haven't ran out of gas yet
and when they stacked decks,
turn handicaps into assets
fanny packs, hourglasses
if time was on my side,
i'd still have none to waste
man, in my younger days,
that dream was so much fun to chase
it's like i run in place
while this shit dangled in front of my face
but how do you keep up the pace
and the hunger pains once
you've won the race?
when that pool exhaust is cooling off
'cause you don't got nothing left to prove
at all
'cause you done already
hit them with the coup de grâce
still you feel the need
to go through and deal with
that bruce willis
that blue still, that truth still
when that wheel's loose, i won't lose will
do you still believe?"
"now this shit's about to kick off
this party looks wack
let's take it back to straight hip hop and start it from scratch
i'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
that's why my pen needs a pad
'cause my rhymes on the rag
just like i did with addiction, i'm 'bout to kick it
like a magician, critics i turn to crickets
got 'em still on the fence whether to picket
but quick to get it impaled when i tell 'em, ""stick it! ""
so sick i'm looking pale, wait
that's my pigment
'bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to kendrick
let's bring it back to that vintage slim, b****!
the art of mcing mixed with da vinci and mc ren
and i don't mean stimpy's friend, b****
been public enemy
since you thought pe was gym, b****
kick your shoes off, let your hair down
 all night long
grow your beard out, just weird out
 all night long
we're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
so turn the volume loud
'cause it's mayhem 'til the a. m
so, baby, make just like k fed
and let yourself go, let yourself go
say ""f*** it! "" before we kick the bucket
life's too short to not go for broke
so everybody, everybody, go berserk
grab your vial, yeah
guess it's just the way that i'm dressed, ain't it?
khakis pressed, nike shoes crispy and fresh laced
so i guess it ain't that aftershave
or cologne that made 'em just faint
plus i showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
so if love is a chess game, check mate
but girl, your body's bangin'
jump me in, dang, bang bang
yes siree 'bob', i was thinking the same thang
so come get on this kid's rock
baw with da baw, dang dang
pow p p p pow, chica, pow, chica, wow wow
got your gal blowin' up a valve, valve valve
ain't slowin' down, throw in the towel, towel towel
dumb it down, i don't know how, huh huh, how how
at least i know that i don't know
question is
are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid?
hope so, now ho…
kick your shoes off, let your hair down
 all night long
grow your beard out, just weird out
 all night long
we're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
so turn the volume loud
'cause it's mayhem 'til the a. m
so crank the bass up like crazy
and let yourself go, let yourself go
say ""f*** it! "" before we kick the bucket
life's too short to not go for broke
so everybody, everybody, go berzerk
get your vinyls!
they say that love is powerful as cough syrup in styrofoam
all i know is i fell asleep and woke up in that monte carlo
with the ugly kardashian, lamar, oh
sorry yo, we done both set the bar low
far as hard drugs are though, that's the past
but i done did enough codeine to knock future into tomorrow
and girl, i ain't got no money to borrow
but i am tryin' to find a way to get you alone: car note
oh, marshall mathers
shithead with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered
kangol's and carheartless cargos
girl, you're fixin' to get your heart broke
don't be absurd, ma'am, you birdbrain, baby
i ain't called anybody baby since birdman
unless you're a swallow
word, rick? but don't get discouraged, girl
this is your jam, unless you got toe jam
kick your shoes off, let your hair down
 all night long
grow your beard out, just weird out
 all night long
we're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
so turn the volume loud
'cause it's mayhem 'til the a. m
so, baby, make just like k fed
and let yourself go, let yourself go
say ""f*** it! "" before we kick the bucket
life's too short to not go for broke
so everybody, everybody, go berserk
grab your vial, yeah"
"i don't understand
why you're being so mean
you're a mean, mean man
chorus
you are just jealous of me
'cause you, you just can't do what i do
so instead of just admitting it
you walk around and say
all kinds of really mean things
about me 'cause you're a meanie, a meanie
but it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me
'cause i'm what you wanna be
so you just look like an idiot
when you say these mean things
'cause it's too easy to see
you're really just a big weenie, big weenie
alright listen, i need you to focus
i need you to go dig deep in your mind, this is
important
we are going to perform an experiment of a sort
i'm going to have to ask you to bare with me for a
moment
now i need you to open your mind, your eyes close 'em
you are now about to be placed under my hypnosis
for the next 4 and a half minutes
we are going to explore into your mind to find out why
you're so f***in' jealous
now why do they make you who
pibbity cock a poo poo
psych, i'm kidding i just wanted to see if you're
still listening
okay now i need your un divided attention
sir i have a question
why do i always sense this, undeniable tension?
from the moment that i enter into the room it gets all
quiet and whispers
whenever there's conversations
why am i always mentioned?
i been dying to ask, it's been itching at me
is it just because...
chorus
alright now i, i just flubbed a line
i was going to say something extremely important
but i forgot who or were what it was, i f***ed up
psych, i'm kidding again you idiot, no i didn't
that's just what you wanted to hear from me
is that i f***ed up ain't it?
but i can bust one take without lookin' at no paper
it doesn't take a bunch of takes
or me to stand here in this booth all day for me to
say the truth, ok?
you're droolin', you have tooth decay
your mouth is open, you're disgusting
what the f*** you eat for lunch
a bunch of sweets or something, what?
you munch a bunch of crunch 'n munch?
your tooth is rotten to the gum
your breath stinks, wanna chew some gum?
yes i do sir, what am i on?
you sir are on chew serum
marshall i'm so jealous of you
please say you won't tell nobody
i'd be so embarrassed, i'm just absolutely terrified
that someone's gonna find out why i'm saying
all these terrible, evil and awful mean things
it's my own insecurity!
chorus
alright now we, we're going to conduct
that experiment that we were talking about earlier
just to see what a frog, looks like when it takes two
hits of ecstasy
'cause that's exactly what your eyes look like, want
to check to see?
here's a mirror, notice the resemblance here?
wait, let me put these sunglasses on
now look in this mirror, how about now?
what do you have in common?
you're both green with envy and look like idiots with
sunglasses on 'em
you look like i sound like singing about weenies
now take my weenie out of your mouth
this is between me and you, i know you're not happy
i know you'd much rather see me lying in the corner of
a room somewhere crying
curled up in a ball tweaked out of my mind dying
there is no denying that my weenie is much bigger than
yours is
mine is like sticking a banana between two oranges
why you even doing this to yourself, it's pointless
why do we have to keep on going through this, this is
tortuous
my point is this
that if you say mean things, weenie will shrink
now i forgot what the chorus is,
your just is...
chorus"
"justin, its zoe, um kellie did not have me call you
however i just listened to eminem in her car
it is the most dicusting thing i have ever heard
in my entire life and i seriously want to call his
f***ing agent and tell them how f***ing discusting
he is, it like makes me upset, i am now nausus and
i cant eat lunch, goodbye"
"slippin in through the back door
booty mc's get ambushed
rammed and squooshed
slammed and pushed
crammed and mushed
then i'm movin on down from the right to left
so wipe the meth and prepare to fight to death
you get jacked and tackled and cracked in two
smack them through 'till ya black and blue
or actin true
i'm dreaded like a man who's hair is all strands
who's badder when sniffin on aerosol cans
i'm stompin 'em, kickin 'em, chokin 'em, stampin 'em,
clockin 'em, stickin 'em, pokin 'em, clampin 'em
who'd elect ya kids, indict their votes
hit 'em with vicoden doses of lighting bolts
i'm zappin, ???
faster than you can snap your fingers for answers
cancer is in the flesh
alight a breather
survived it by the knife and the thievinâ€™
i had a dream i was gettin jacked by biters
it felt like i was being attacked by spiders
developin' a fear from biterphobia
i'm holdin the gas can and lighter over ya
if i detect ya
i'ma pulverise disect ya brain
diggin in ya skull for lies that i'm a torture
with material iller than a stark raid or mass serial killer
i'm more dangerous
than a loaded chamber is
a major is to a plagiarist
so beware of the aura
a terror, the horror
will scare ya tomorrow
ze ero?? assault for rappers
hear the start of developin' skills
a head full of porter
we run or gallop on hills???
the choice is yours
decipher these noisy force minutes
scream â€˜til my voice is hoarse
cuz iâ€™m sick of these debators
that grab like repertoires and saboteurs
and bite like labradors
hear the range of my double barrel
and your life is in danger troubled and perilled
i can't understand flyers
second?? with camp fires
cuz vampires bite on my balls and clamp pliers
it's swinging my big thing a ma jig
so i'm ringing my neck
proof will backup
when i sing at my gig
cuz biters are fallin head over heels
in love
with every rhyme that i set over ears
that's how i became paranoid
chewing my fingernails"
"dre:
yea, yo lets bring it.
eminem :
whatcha gonna do when shit hits the fan
are you gonna stand and fight like a man
will you be as hard as you say you are
are you gonna run and go get your bodyguard
i said whatcha gonna do when shit hits the fan
are you gonna stand and fight like a man
show us youre as hard as you say you are
are you gonna run and go get your bodyguard
dre:
n****s is so gangsta, n****s is thugs
n****s'll spend they whole life pedling drugs
slanging dope, in hopes
of one day being able to own their own label
and give the game up
some n****s came up
some just didn't
its just the way is
if it aint minute just some n****s'll get money
and pay n****s to back em
so they can act up
feel comfortable and rap tough
and thats ass backwards
cuz them n****s is just gonna keep coming back
and thats when extortion happens
its a struggle to get free
i know how that shit be
you give anything that look legitimately
but you gonna find if you do get in this industry
that its best to do bussiness with me then against me
n****s get behind mics and aint even mcs
n****s get on mtv just to diss me
this shit dont even piss me off
i'm laughing all the way to the bank
watching you saddle life in my bentley
you n****s aint even got a car
youre so far under my radar
i dont even know who the f*** you are
i tell you to suck my d*** while im pissing
i dont even listen to ya shit to know who the f*** im dissing
and media just feeds into these feuds
trying to add fuel to the fire
this little n**** ja rule talking about hes gonna slap me
n**** please you gotta jump and swing up to hit me in the knees
i laugh at these magazines when they interview em
all they doing is making fake threats to us through em
ya p**** ya not pac i knew em
2pac was a real n****, you just a f***ing insult to him
its too bad, we had a fall out before he passed
because if he could he see this shit now, he'd be whoopin your ass
youre talkin to a pioneer who engineered this shit
for nineteen years who ya got in ya ear ssssss
i aint even gotta say it, the fans know
quit trying to be tough n****, you look like an asshole
eminem :
what cha gonna do when shit hits the fan
are you gonna stand and fight like a man
will you be as hard as you say you are
are you gonna run and go get your bodyguard
i said what cha gonna do when shit hits the fan
are you gonna stand and fight like a man
show us youre as hard as you say you are
are you gonna run and go get your bodyguard
obie trice:
they say why dont we increase the peace
the only piece to crease
is that which deletes ya peeps
cuz n****s run mouths but they dont want streets
till that 4 5 decease ya speech
ya its a shame how the beef'll creep
coulda reached a peak
now ya left with a horrible leap
i'm trying to be as bleep
with my speech as possible
just incase a n**** try to throw me an obstacle
n**** im not boxing you
i'm hospitable
i put you in a hospital thats how i get at you
let the doc op on you he dont rid you
you back on them streets
i send another hit at you
this is not a hypocritical issue
i will critical condition ya tissue
give a f*** if ten of them  with you
i throw an extra ten of them missiles
turn gangstas into gentleman fickle
and ever since eminem dissed you
i swear i see the woman and b**** in you
all this bickering back and forth over who signs who
curtis pull ya skirt up ya got murdered
now take it like a man and shake it off damn
and quit tellin all these magazines ya plans
how you gonna slap up my man, ya fictious
n**** we'll send stan to come murder ya b****es
eminem :
what cha gonna do when shit hits the fan
are you gonna stand and fight like a man
will you be as hard as you say you are
are you gonna run and go get your bodyguard
i said what cha gonna do when shit hits the fan
are you gonna stand and fight like a man
show us youre as hard as you say you are
are you gonna run and go get your bodyguard"
"this thing right here, its letting all the people knowm
what burnouts talk about. you know, the chronic...
oo that buds look scandolous,
you hit it too hard you can't handle this,
so you smokin' that thing when you pass it to us,
with a look in your eyes so devious,
you inhale with all you got, suck it down hard til' your seeing dots,
and your body's on the ground but your mind is not,
cause your livin' la vida smoke ah
now your high as a kite been tokin' all night all night long let me hit that bong, baby,
that bong bo bong bong bong
i like to roll a blunt oo,
and smoke it in a pipe too,
but best of all,
is that bong bo bong bong bong
you know you love that canabis,
so pull up a chair and come smoke with us,
they call me crisqo i can bake so much,
i like to hot box the two of us,
pu puff kids, til' its 4/20,
this stuff ain't cheap, i need more money,
but when i buy that green i get the best they got,
cause i'm livin' la vida smoke ah
now i'm high as kite i been tokin' all night all night long let me hit that bong, baby,
that bong bo bong bong bong,
i like to roll a blunt oo,
and smoke it in a pipe too,
but best of all,
is that bong bo bong bong bong."
" scalpel
 here
 sponge
 here
 wait.. he's convulsing, he's convulsing!
 ah!
 we're gonna have to shock him!
 oh my! oh my god!
 we're gonna have to shock him!
 oh my god!
these are the results of a thousand electric volts
a neck with bolts, ""nurse we're losin him, check the
pulse!""
a kid who refused to respect adults
wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose
a corny lookin white boy, scrawny and always ornery
cause i was always sick of brawny bullies pickin on
me
and i might snap, one day just like that
i decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the
bike rack
 my first day in junior high, this kid
said,
""it's you and i, three o'clock sharp this afternoon
you die""
i looked at my watch it was one twenty
""i already gave you my lunch money what more do you
want from me?!?""
he said, ""don't try to run from me, you'll just make
it worse...""
my palms were sweaty, and i started to shake at first
something told me, ""try to fake a stomach ache it
works""
i screamed, ""owww! my appendix feels like they could
burst!
teacher, teacher, quick i need a naked nurse!""
 ""what's the matter?""
 ""i don't know, my leg, it hurts!""
 ""leg?!? i thought you said it was your tummy?!?""
 ""oh, i mean it is, but i also got a bum knee!""
 ""mr. mathers, the fun and games are over.
and just for that stunt, you're gonna get some
extra homework.""
 ""but don't you wanna give me after school
detention?""
 ""nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and i'ma
let him.""
chorus: repeat 2x
brain damage, ever since the day i was born
drugs is what they used to say i was on
they say i never knew which way i was goin
but everywhere i go they keep playin my song
brain damage..
way before my baby daughter hailey
i was harassed daily by this fat kid named d'angelo
bailey
an eighth grader who acted obnoxious, cause his father
boxes
so everyday he'd shove me in the lockers
one day he came in the bathroom while i was pissin
and had me in the position to beat me into submission
he banged my head against the urinal til he broke my
nose,
soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my
throat
i tried to plead and tell him, ""we shouldn't beef""
but he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin me and i
couldn't breathe
he looked at me and said, ""you gonna die honkey!""
the principal walked in and started helpin him stomp me
i made them think they beat me to death
holdin my breath for like five minutes before they
finally left
then i got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth
kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four
inch screws
grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools
""this is for every time you took my orange juice,
or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my
chocolate milk.
every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and
spilt.
i'm gettin you back bully! now once and for good.""
i cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as i
could
and beat him over the head with it til i broke the
wood
knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot..
.. made it home, later that same day
started reading a comic, and suddenly everything
became gray
i couldn't even see what i was tryin to read
i went deaf, and my left ear started to bleed
my mother started screamin, ""what are you on,
drugs?!?
look at you, you're gettin blood all over my rug!""
she beat me over the head with the remote control
opened a hole, and my whole brain fell out of my
skull
i picked it up and screamed, ""look b****, what have
you done?!?""
 ""oh my god, i'm sorry son""
 ""shut up you c***!"" i said, ""f*** it!""
took it and stuck it back up in my head
then i sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my
neck
chorus
brain damage..
it's brain damage..
i got brain damage..
it's brain damage..
it's probably brain damage..
it's brain damage..
brain damage..
i got brain damage.."
"eminem has a full line of chainsaws
eminem, eminem, eminem, eminem
marshall mathers, eminem... the rapper eminem
""who can say for sure?
perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer
if science could operate on this distorted brain
and put it to good use
society would reap a great benefit.""
i walk around like a space cadet, place your bets
who's likely to become a serial killer, case of tourettes
f***, f*** f***, can't take the stress
i make a mess as the day progresses
angry and take it out on the neighbors hedges
like this is how i'll cut your face up b****es
with these hedge trimming scissors with razor edges
imagination's dangerous, it's
the only way to escape this mess and make the best of this
situation i guess
cause i feel like a little b****, this predicament's
despicable, i'm sick of just gettin' pushed, it's ridiculous
i look like a freakin' wuss, a p****, this kid just took
my stick of licorice and threw my sticker books in a picker bush
i wanna kick his tush, but i was six and shook
this f***er was twelve and was six foot, with a vicious hook
he hit me, i fell; i got back up, all i did was book
now there's using your head
momma always said
if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
a brain, you'd be dangerous
i'ma prove you wrong
momma, i'mma grow one day to be famous
and i'mma be a pain in the anus
i'ma be the bomb
i'ma use my head as a weapon
find a way to escape this insaneness
momma always said,
""son, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous""
guess it pays to be brainless
fast forward some years later, a teenager; this is fun, sweet
i just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete
it's usually once a month, this is some feat
i've accomplished, they've stomped me into the mud,
gee for what reason, you stumped me
but how do you get the shit beat out of you
beat down and be upbeat when you don't have nothing?
no valid shot at life, chance to make it or succeed
cause you're doomed from the start
it's like you grew up on jump street, from jump street
but if i could just get my head out my ass
i could accomplish any task
practicing trash talkin'
in a trance locked in my room, yeah
but i got some plans, momma
these damn rhymes are falling out of my pants pocket,
i can't stop it
and i'm starting to blend in more
in school this shit helps for sure
i'm getting more self assured than i've ever been before
plus no one picks on me anymore, i done put a stop to that
threw my first punch   end of story
still in my skull is a vacant empty void,
been using it more as a bin for storage
take some inventory
in this gourd there's a ford engine, door hinge, syringe,
an orange, an extension cord, and a ninja sword, not to mention
four linchpins an astringent stored
ironing board, a bench, a wrench an oru winch
an attention whore
everything but a brain, but dome's off the f***ing chain like an
independent store
something's wrong with my head
just think if i had a brain in it, thank god that i don't
cause i'd probably be dahmer, cause momma always said
if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
a brain, you'd be dangerous
i'ma prove you wrong
momma, i'mma grow one day to be famous
and i'mma be a pain in the anus
i'ma be the bomb
i'ma use my head as a weapon
find a way to escape this insaneness
momma always said,
""son, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous""
guess it pays to be brainless
now my mom goes wahm wahm wahm
cause i'm not that smart, but i'm not dumb
i was on a bottom of the pile getting stomped
but somehow, i came out on top
i told you one day, i said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo
i'm nice, yo, f*** it, i'm out cold
now everywhere i go they scream out go
i'm 'bout to clean house, yo
i'm lysol, now i'm just household
outsold the sell outs, freak the hell out middle america,
hear 'em yell out in terror they were so scared and those kids
just about, belted out whatever spouted or fell out of my smart
aleck mouth, it was so weird
inappropriate, so be it, i don't see it
maybe one day when the smoke clears, it won't be as
mothaf***ing difficult, ch yeah, 'til then, hopefully ya
little homos get over your fears and phobias
it's okay to be scared straight, they said i provoke queers
'til emotions evoke tears, my whole career's
a stroke of sheer genius, smoke and mirrors,
tactical, practical jokes, yeah
you mothaf***in' who the f*** would've thunk that one little ole mc'd
be able to take the whole culture and re upholstery it?
and boy, they did flock; can't believe this little hick locked
this hip hop shit in his hip pocket and still the shit got
that white trash traffic in gridlock, shit hopping like six blocks
from a kid rock, insane clown posse concert in mid oc 
 tober, and god forbid i see a wizard
and get a brain in my titanium cranium y'all, cause
i'll turn into the unabomber, momma always said
if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
a brain, you'd be dangerous
i'ma prove you wrong
momma, i'mma grow one day to be famous
and i'mma be a pain in the anus
i'ma be the bomb
i'ma use my head as a weapon
find a way to escape this insaneness
momma always said,
""son, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous""
guess it pays to be brainless
insaneness ain't even a word, you stupid f***
neither is ain't"
"better watch out sucker now i got ya where i want ya,
onslaught, coming and i?m packing in my lunch up,
bunch a missile launcher and a bunch a contra ban,
van full of ganja, now come on jump,
man stop marchin marshall on my gotcha,
doin? the cha cha and the kucharcha with a
quadri plegic,
boogieing down to frank sinatra,
lyndsay to the lohan naked while you let me watch ya,
who da knew the buddah do to me what?s it?s done,
such cynicism when this isn?t in my system,
blunt hypnotism, lift the spliff up to my lip son,
so much on my hands, i got to give my kids a fist
pump,
chris to pher reeves swimming in my swim trunks,
mister, ?help me? what?s he said to me and then sunk,
women skinning them and cutting them up in chunks,
in comes the woman with cocoa butter skin ones,
once again they call me buffalo bill,
buffalo bill, buffa buffalo bill,
skin em up, hym em,
sew em up in those kilts, up in those kilts,
upa upa up in those kilts,
man you don?t want to go up in those hills,
up in those hills, uppa up in those hills
you better beware, stay clear of buffalo bill, buffalo bill,
buffa buffalo bill,
always, you can see em lurking in the hallways,
carcasses of caucasian females in his crawl space,
how the hell did he fit em all in such a small space,
hide em in the wall but how long will the dry wall
take,
well f ck it then, i got nothing but time, i?ll wait,
until its dries for the moment i guess your all safe,
after i sand it and buff it i guess that i?ll paint,
my chainsaw?s outta gas my regular saw aint,
now here i come again, damn stomach rumbling,
you can even hear the evil spirits coming from
within,
someones in, the back of my damn house rummaging,
it?s a girl, she looks pretty thin but i want to skin,
been on the hunt again, when will it ever end,
evelyn why you trying to fight you will never win,
severing legs, arms, damn there goes another limb,
pull the lever then trap door, death is evident
now what you know about buffalo bill,
nothing so chill,
f cking hoe, you better f cking hold still,
make sure none of that lotion in that bucket don?t
spill,
cut em gut em and just keep stuffing those girls,
man i think she had enough of those pills,
sedate her, then i wait her come back later just
to clutch on those steel blades
braids, baby when i cut ya dont squeal
i hate the loud noises i f cking told you,
i keep hearin voices like wouldntcha like to go and
get your butcher knife
and push it right through her
while you put your shishkebab skewer into her,
barbeque her, or would you do to her what you usually
do to a girl who?s skins newer
in a world of sin doer this is turning into a torment
tournament of sorts,
christmas ornament you are,
i?ll be sure to gensu ya til there?s no more skin to ya,
boo ya who ya think you f cking with,
duck because here he comes again,
by: narcotic"
"yo, check it out, it's f***ed up, and i don't see either one of us budging
i'm withholding my anger
though i'd like to be the strangler
of this punk ass little p****'s puny neck
it's my right to insist
that he acknowledge my existence
but he just displays complete lack of respect
that's what he says to himself
as he uses magazines to trash me
as he sits with both feet up at his desk
smokes a bag of his weed
and starts imagining things
and he just can't see that he's manically depressed
and in his jealousy and envy
it just whirls him in a frenzy
as he turns on mtv and sees my face
he don't exist in this world
so he just twists and he twirls
spirals and spins till he runs himself in a rage
and it's destroying him slowly
cuz he does not even know me
even though he sees me everywhere he goes
so he just tortures himself
he has no fortune and wealth
so he extorts someone else to get his dough
and now he's acting like a bully
so he tries to push and pull me
but he knows that he can't pull me so he's mad
he has no choice but to scream
and raise his voice up at me
cuz it annoys him to see that i ain't scared
you aint no motherf***ing and i aint bowing to no motherf***ing i won't allow it, aint no coward to no i'll be damned if i don't stand up to a fight like a man and throw my hands up to a 
and i know it must be f***ing with you emotionall
now i'm not trying to make no more enemies
no more unfortunately
there's so many motherf***ers that just are
they just keep pounding at me
now that i'm down with 50
suddenly now i got beef with this f***** ja' but his ass is such a puppet
irv could shove his whole hand up it
and just make him say what he wants him to say
but suge has irv's on a string
and irv's so nervous that he
says anything to this man to keep him at bay
so now ja thinks that he's so tough
and murder inc.'s the big bad wolf
and they go huff and puff and blow our label down
but our building's made out of bricks
so you ain't taking out shit
i know you just did a song with bobby brown
so now you try to pull a race card
and it backfires in your face hard
cuz you know we don't play that black and white shit
plus this guy that you f***ed
when you was ecstasied up
was just a man who's dressed up as a white b****
you must be taking to much 
now what bothers me the most
about hip hop is we so close
to picking up where we left off with big and pac
we just lost jam master j
big l got blasted away
plus we lost bugs, slayed son, and freaky ta
it's like a never ending cycle
that just seems to come full circle
everybody's gotta be so f***ing hard
i'm not excluding myself
cuz i been stupid as well
i been known to lose it when someone says something smart
but as we grow as men
we learn to let shit go, but then again
there's only so much bullshit we can really stand
we all got reps to uphold
when someone steps on our toes
it's no exception, it goes for every man
but if irv really gave a f***
about ja like he claims he does
he'd wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs
but he just keeps feeding him pills
so if that e doesn't kill him
someone from g unit will and i ain't buzzed
dawg, i'm talking to you straight
if the situation escalates
any worse, we're gonna lose another soldier to this game
and if i get killed for this rap
i got a million in cash
that says i will get you back in halie's name
irvine, get your boy off that 
get at me, dawg
holla"
"yeah, shady, hahahaha
g g g g g g g g unit
here we go again
does it make you mad when i switch my flow?
you can't understand how i get my dough
50 cent i'm on fire cause shady said so
i'm on fire
everybody's in a rush try to get the throne
i just get on the track and try to set the tone
i ain't tryna use nobody as a steppin stone
but don't compare me
i'm better off jus' left alone
and i ain't even tryna go there wit record sales
i'm just tryna keep it humble and respect myself
say what up, keep steppin, and just rep d 12
keep my nose clean, stay away from weapons, jail
and livin wreckless
but if you go check my belt
you may see something else i used to protect myself
a vest, to stop a rueger and deflect the shells
and send 'em back at you faster than they left the barrel
and i don't even carry guns no more, i don't got to
got undercover cops that'll legally pop you
and i done seen a lot of people cross the line
but this motherf***er ja musta lost his mind
that x, got him thinkin' he was dmx
then he switched to 'pac now he's tryna be him next
so which one are you? x, luther, pac or michael
juss keep singin' the same song, recycled
we'd all much rather get along and fight you
me and hailie danced to your songs we liked you
and you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth
c'mon now, you know the white boy'll bite you
i hurt your pride dawg and you know i don't like to
but i will if i have to, with syllable after syllable i just slap you
killin' you fasta than you poppin' pill afta little pill of them tabs of that shit you on
but if you want it you got it you'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it
but if we lock horns we can charge harder than busta
we bump heads wit any motherf***er that wants to
so whats the, deal where was all the tough talk?
when i walked up to you like, ja what up dawg?
how come you didn't say you had a problem then?
when you was standin' there wit all your men, we coulda solved this then
i'ma grown man dawg come holla
all you did was slapdance, smile and swallow,
another one of them little x pills in front of me
and tell me 50 cent was everything you wanna be come on
i know you don't want it with me
you know you don't want it with me
you, talk an' you soon will see
you don't wanna bump heads with me
i know you don't want it with me
you, talk an' you soon you will see
you know you don't want it with me
you couldn't son me if my father helped you
my punchlines is hot, my bars'll melt you
ja you stuart little, shells'll lift you
every other week i'm buyin a new pistol
i clap at your ass with this chrome 38
and put six thru your hats of seven 3/8
irv you ain't suge knight, you should shook night
i put my knife in ya wind pipe and freeze ya on the turnpike
you know and i know who took ya chain
you got robbed two times so ya ass is laid
i'm down to die for this shit all i need is bail
you betta stick to tha movies with steven seigel, b****
i know you don't want it with me
you know you don't want it with me
you, talk an' you soon will see
you don't wanna bump heads with me
i know you don't want it with me
you, talk an' you soon you will see
you know you don't want it with me
f*** that i'm miles away
and these industry n****s startin' to get outta hand
i'ma find your whereabouts by stompin' 'em out ya man
tellin' new york, even in compton they understand
i'm on the block where you was raised doin' chocolate out tha game an'...
they see me more pop a boy for icey cuz i could
shootin' guns for money you probably forgot your way around the hood
b**** when you paranoid it's hard to make a song
now you want it wit' us, half your artists got to make a point
every magazine i own your on your knees takin' prayer picture
and you ain't even got shot yet, you scared b****es
you don't know nuttin' about what pain is sucka
i'll put your ass to the ground like a train conductor, muh'f***er
i know you don't want it with me
you know you don't want it with me
you, talk an' you soon will see
you don't wanna bump heads with me
i know you don't want it with me
you, talk an' you soon you will see
you know you don't want it with me
yeah n**** yeah
shady aftermath g unit
f*** you think they call us g unit for
cause we move units uhha
don't think we ain't billin you for this motherf***ing studio time"
"artist: missy 'misdemeanor' elliott f/ eminem
 slim shady 
well i do pop pills, i keep my tube socks filled
pop the same shit that got tupac killed
spit game to these hoes, like a soap opera episode
and punch a b**** in the nose, til her whole face explodes
there's three things i hate: girls, women and b****es
smack b****es that walk up, and drop kick midgets
call me boogie night, the stalker that walks awkward
stick figure, with a d*** bigger than mark wahlberg
comin through the airport, sluggish, walkin on crutches
hit a f***in  in her  with luggage
it's like a dream i can't snap out, i black out, and back out
lookin for some other thug, to beat the crap out
i'm bringin you rap singers two middle fingers
i flip you off in french, then translate in english
then i'ma vanish off the face of the planet and come back
speakin so much spanish, pun can't even understand it
 won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. slim shady
 yeah
 won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. slim motherf***in shady
 yeah
 won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. slim shady
 yeah
 won't you busa rhyme for me boy ..
i had a huge attitude, started off staticky
mad at you, had you mad at me automatically i'm not a commodity, i'm an oddity
who oddly enough developed himself a halloween following
it's so big, if i counted up all the freaks who follow me
i'd probably owe ozzy osbourne an apology
college girls, live in an alcoholic's world
full of earl, head twirls every time the toilet swirls
covered in throw up, and i refuse to grow up
i won't budge, i still tell a grown up to shut up i made this rap game suspenseful, cause now i got a impulse
to give you insults wrote with a pencil and waste the paper on you, choppin down the oakwood
cause everything that you wrote in your notebook was no good
and as long as i stay in the studio and keep cuttin
you motherf***ers are puttin your words together for nuttin
 won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. slim shady
 what's the deal?
 won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. slim motherf***in shady
 yeah.. who?
 won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. slim shady
 what's the deal?
 won't you busa rhyme for me boy ..
turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors
we gon' get high, we gon' roll to vegas
me and slim shady, on some shit daily
what you want what you got is it hot? 
turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors
we gon' get high, we gon' roll to vegas
me and slim shady, on some shit daily
what you want  what you want  ahh uhh yo
""a person from another planet might disagree with you""
""well if you want my opinion, it comes from right here on earth""
slim shady.. misdemeanor..
timbaland.. slim shady..
misdemeanor..
i'm homicidal, and suicidal with no friends
holdin a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends
sprayin tecs at you until you see your f***in legs
with the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin next to you
 f***in mad dog, foamin at the mouth
f*** mouth, my whole house, is foamin at the couch
jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building
and shot every window out on the way down to the ground woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed, chopped em in half
suffocated the oxygen mask
shit if i get any higher, i'ma get the east and west beefin again
slide back to detroit and stand in the crossfire
y'all better call the police 'fore i kill this track
don't shoot missy!!! get back
uhh, i'ma put you all in the line
uhh, and i'ma watch you mc's die
yo mommy, mommy, missy done lost her mind!
i think somebody done pissed her off this time!
yo, i'ma have to bust you through your chest and
uhh, you will have to clean up the mess it's rainin rainin and it's pourin loud
never fear, cause pissy missy's through the crowd
uhh, i hear the gats go cha pow
who shot me damnit? b**** get down
don't walk when i talk, i never talk when i smile lay em on down, like they lived underground for the sound, that me and, timbaland, we found
get your ass, kicked later, or get your ass, kicked now
uhh.. one two
misdemeanor, slim shady
timbaland, motherf***er
uhh uhh uhh
cool, cool, cool
triple zero"
"if you got a sweet tooth
you can taste my watermelons
if the swingset bores you
i can show you all my talents
i can wear a tan
like others b****es can't
you can have all this, boy
and there's only one thing that i want from you
come on, let me ride your bicycle
it's so fantastical, on your bicycle
we can get a little more physical
baby, after all, it's only natural
i feel it comin', comin', comin'
i feel it runnin', runnin', runnin'
come on, let me ride your bicycle
it's so fantastical, on your bicycle
you want to ride my bicycle
you want to ride my bike
if the world starts freezing
i can make it hot and humid
if you get a bee sting
i can suck out all the poison
i can make you last
like other b****es can't
have i made it clear, boy?
there's only one thing that i want from you
come on, let me ride your bicycle
it's so fantastical, on your bicycle
we can get a little more physical
baby, after all, it's only natural
i feel it comin', comin', comin'
i feel it runnin', runnin', runnin'
come on, let me ride your bicycle
it's so fantastical, on your bicycle
i'm only f***in' with you
f*** you for thinking it's true
i'm not like the sluts in this town
they make me ""blehh"" in my mouth
i wanna ride on your bike
cause you're the boy that i like
it's like i'm a sell out for you
but your bike's so shiny and new
she's distracted, by my reflectors
man, i can tell this chick's attracted
my wheels spoke to her
my schwinn is a chick magnet
bagging up chicks like a bag of chips
with a bag of prophylactics as big
as mick jagger lips
shagging's, something i'm a pro at
but i ain't practicing shit
allen iverson of safe sex,
condoms are for practice
man, i skip practice
flip backwards while i flip this bike
on its banana seat
my fantasy's to have you land
where the kick stand is
got this b**** gaggin', they call me the broad killer
i'm the cousin of godzilla
cause i spit fire and my d***'s draggin'
zig zaggin' up the avenue
pulling these chicks in my antagonist wagon, screamin'
come on, let me ride your bicycle
it's so fantastical, on your bicycle
we can get a little more physical
baby, after all, it's only natural
i feel it comin', comin', comin'
i feel it runnin', runnin', runnin'
come on, let me ride your bicycle
it's so fantastical, on your bicycle
you want to ride my bicycle
you want to ride my bike"
"jumped out of the second floor of a record store
with a treacherous four cassette and a cassette recorder
in ecuador with edward norton
witness the metamorphosis
of a legend growin' like an expert swordsman
from the hessian war and
hence the origin of the headless horseman
born with the endorphins of a pathetic orphan
endless sores and reservoir
of extension cords in dresser drawers
and deadbolts on the bedroom doors
and sexual torture kits kept in a separate storage bin
excellent boyfriend
use intercourse to settle scores
with women who have been vendettas towards men
d***head is forced in to the shredded foreskin
red is torn and they're only bein' fed a portion
bed sores in sore shins
pregnant whores can get abortions
fetish for stickin' metal forks in, self absorption
skeletor, i went to hell and fell a floor
a predator, i'm headed for competitors
better warn 'em, what i lack in tact and a set of morals
i make up for in metaphors like a cosmetic store
stegosaurus, chuck norris with a thesaurus
yes, of course, i mess up once
you want some? come and get some, boys!
i'm givin' daniel pantaleo a refresher course
on excessive force and pressure points
and dressin' george zimmerman in a fluorescent orange
dress and four inch heels to address the court
with a bullseye on his back, his whole chest and torso
are left on the doorsteps of trayvon's dad
as a present for him
in my present form i'm desert storm
appetite for destruction is no suppressant for
aggressive, forceful, and less remorseful in every morsel
unpleasant, horrible; hello, gorgeous!
the rebel with devil horns just fell off the yellow short bus
met a contortionist, said, ""when you wanna get sexual? ""
she said, ""however i fit in your schedule, i'm flexible. ""
expired tags on the saturn, got kathryn beck
in the back in daisy dukes with the hazards on
at a traffic stop gettin' harassed, sign an autograph
for this asshole cop's daughter
laugh 'cause i called her a brat on it
he spat on it and brought it back lookin' half in shock
had a heart attack and dropped dead
started fallin' back with it
and got slapped with a colin kaepernick practice sock
one ball and half a d***, apple watch
crack for an axle
wwalked in a bass pro shop with david hasselhoff
pulled tabasco sauce out of my satchel
knocked over a fisherman's tackle box and *crash sound*
asked if they had a laugh in stock
that was f***in' stupid
you got it twisted, all 'cause i offered this b****
a doggie biscuit, you call me misogynistic
b****, get to massagin' this d***!
like spas in this b****, slob on it, with gobs of lipstick
got a shoppin' list for you to run some odds and ends with
it's not a b**** on this earth i can be monogamous with
she's non existent
robin thicke with a throbbin' d***
on some swab and slick shit
but i shout derogatives at b****es
like f***in' missile launches
misfit, blond and nitwit
like i've gone ballistic, with a frostin' tip kit
screamed, ""i hate blondes"", and became one, i'm optimistic
love to start shit
shovin' clark kent's undergarments
in the glove compartment
of the bucket, bumpin' bubba sparxx
i'm double parkin' up at targets
trouble 'cause a double cross
the shadiest mothaf***a you'll ever come across
other than olympic gymnast, been known for some assaults
a couple lawsuits, enough to cause a stomach ulcer
same damn brain scan results as rainman's is
something's awful when dustin hoffman's
dressin' up in your mummy costume
on stage dancin' to ""brain damage"", what's the problem?
nothing's wrong, the name brand is back to reclaim status
run the faucet, i'm about to dunk
a bunch of trump supporters underwater
snuck up on 'em in ray bans
in a gray van with a spray tan
it's a wrap, like an ace bandage
don't give a f*** persona
to my last dna strand
e&j in the waistband, at the vmas with the stagehand
she wants kielbasa, pre arrange an escape plan
three inch blade on point, like a see and say
consider me a dangerous man
but you should be afraid of this dang candidate
you say trump don't kiss ass like a puppet
'cause he runs his campaign
with his own cash for the fundin'
and that's what you wanted
a f***in' loose cannon who's blunt with his hand
on the button who doesn't have to answer to no one
great idea!
if i was president
gettin' off is the first order of business
once i get in office
second thing that'll make me happy's
walkin' up to uncle sam
naked, laughing, d*** cupped in hand
screamin', ""f*** safe sex""
throw a latex and an aids test at him
tell congress i run this land
and i want the rubber banned and make it snappy
addiction to friction and static
addict who can't escape the habit
it's in you to chase the dragon
but as fate would have it i walked up in major magics
dressed as the maintenance man
in a laser tag vest and a racin' jacket
with a gauge to blast it
and sped away in the station wagon
stacey dash's and casey anthony's
crazy asses in the backseat
throwin' stay free pads at me
dead passenger in the passenger seat
unfasten the safety latches
and slam on the brakes in traffic so hard
i snapped the relocation brackets for the monster tires
finna get a murder case and catch it
like you threw it at me
encased in plastic
and send dylan roof through the windshield of the benz
until he spins like a pinwheel and begins feelin'
like a windmill with a thin bill
while his skin's peelin'
and skids 'til he hits a cement pillar
swing for the fence like prince fielder
knock it into the upper peninsula
you want to go against zilla? the rap god
when will i quit? never been realer
the in stiller of fear
not even a scintilla of doubt
whose pens iller than prince in a chinchilla
or ben stiller in a suspense thriller
revenge killer of bin syllable binge
fill a syringe, till i
draw first blood
even pop shit on my pop shit
and it's popular
couldn't be more awkwarder
cause you're innocence i robbed you of
it's my fingers that got stuck up
tortured a, not give a
slapstick, hockey puck
the broad hunter with the sawed off
like an arm when it's lopped off
but i'm not gonna, get the shotgun
or the glock, i'm gonna opt for the ox
cause i'm into objects that are sharp when i sharpen
it's not a shock, i'm such an obnoxious f***er
the rock cuts into rock cause who would have thought
this much of a cocksucker that go across the buttocks
of vivica fox with a box cutter
that was for 50, little slap on the wrist be warned
i'm unrevealing quickly
my squabbles, i'm grappling
with your time traveling with me
try and follow, as i wobble, relapse into history
with a flask of the whiskey
tip it back then
i'm twisting wine bottles
like what happened to chris reeves spine column
that's the plan of attack
when i'm fixing my problems
wish my chest wasn't having
to get these rhymes off 'em
but the fact that i have so many rappers against me
mind boggles
and why i had to come back on these f*****s who diss me
more of a spectacular mystery
than a f***ing agatha christie crime novel
but my patience is wearing thin
swear i been contemplating rubbing shit
in your face till i smear it in
diss you in every lyric until you fear the pen
and never appear again
if you actually had f***ing careers to end
but then i think of molly qerim
and i steer'em in that direction
and forget my ideas for them
molly, i'm gone off you
man, light some kush
you're my first take, i'll nail you
can't lie, i gush
if i won you over, you would be the grand prize
i'm entranced by your looks
come and give the shady franchise a push
you can get it in a can like some anheuser busch
jeans too small, least three pant sizes tush
mushed against your damn side, you puss
and thighs are squooshed
what kind of attires that?
i'm ready to be rode
psychopath, bet you we'll get it popping
like a flat
light the match to ignite the wrath
got knives to slash and slice hermaphrodites in half
piper chapmans might just have to picket me
like a scab
hard to describe in fact
startling violent perhaps
are things that come to mind
as soon as i start spitting rhymes like that
and you aren't really surprised at that
but as far as these lines i rap
and these bars, wouldn't dial it back
if i star 69'ed the track
why am i such a d***?"
"""can i b****""
eminem
""straight from the lab"" ep
uncle marshall!
will you tell us a bedtime story?
here we go...
now once upon a time not long ago
there was a little rapper about to blow
but his album came and it was not good
i think it went lead or double copper wood
so the silly little fans they were mislead
by a nerdy internet computer hip hop head
""me and you, 'clef, we're gonna make some cash
grab the silver paint and let's paint my ass""
hey mister, would ya care to bare witness to
the ass whippin' i'm about to administer
to this little ass kissin' vaginal blister
'stanabis', little marshall mathers' sister
and in this corner, we have the mister
not havin' it, it's the mad sinister
dr. evil with his bag of tricks for
this little antagonist f***** d*** suckin'
ex ll cool j fan from windsor
i'm 'bout to murder little kenny f** kennif sta
you bastard i ain't wanna have to diss ya
cannabis, where the f*** you at? i miss ya!
can i b****, oh can i b****
where for art thou can i b****?
please tell me what happened with
that style that you were rappin' with
can i b****, oh can i b****
are you from los angeles,
new york or just a janitor
from canada? oh can i b****.
now at first i ain't really understand the shit
picture me for a second and imagine it
chillin' in a bat mansion and relaxin'
when all a sudden some bullshit comes across the scanner
it's can i b**** with some stan lives shit
they greet me out at first man this is sick
for me being just a sick disconflict
gets my d*** harder than arithmetic
and i know how you jealous ones envy
i should'a knew better from the first few letters you sent me
the first two letters you were tellin' me shit
like you respect me, like any other regular mc
the third letter you ask how come i ain't return
none of the messages at shady records you left me
the fourth letter: ""slim you really startin' to upset me!""
the fifth letter told me you were comin' to get me
the sixth threat there's a bomb threat in our building
this crazy mother f***er's really tryin' to kill me!
so i went back and read the first few letters that said
some shit about a message you left
oh shit, that's not an ""e"" that's an ""a""
this dude wants to leave me a ""massage,"" he's g**!!
right away i'm on the phone with dr. dre
we got a bogey! 
so in two seconds flat dre's at my crib
the funny thing is we both know where this kid lives
and neither one of us have canadian citizenship
shit oh dre wait a minute that's it
all we gotta do is use a bit of turbo boost
we can fly over the border ""let's go"" *woosh!*
so we're off to toronto and we're gainin' speed
*boosh!*  oh jermaine dupre
f*** it, keep goin' no time to waste
wait, backup hit him one more time in case
okay .. f*** now he's draggin' under the car
oh well, only 30 more thousand miles
meanwhile me and dre are tryin' to conversate
just tryin' to find a reason for the constant hate
and tryin' to figure out what happened to 'germaine propaine'
""he couldn't have fell off that hard!"" ain't no way
""what happened to the way you was rappin' when you was scandalous
the canibus turned into a television evangelist""
plus he raps with his regular voice     pet shop boys
so we pull up to the bridge where he last was spotted
his corpse was still movin' but his ass was rotted
he kind of smelled a little like courtney love
i figure if i stick him with a fork he's done
so i stapped him twice, kept jabbin', christ
he won't die this guy's like a battered wife
he's like kim, he keeps comin' back for more
but he won't fight back i cracked his jaw
hold up 'bis quit foldin' up!
punch me in the chest make my shoulders touch!
do somethin'! at least one punch line
c'mon till the meter reads 9 9 9 9!
say 90 percent of my fans are blonde
'bis c'mon answer me man respond!!!
tell me 'bout the sun rain moon and stars
intergalactical metaphors from mars!
raw to the floor, raw like reservoirs dogs
bite another line from redman's song!
suddenly the stub from a dead man's arm
from a midget reaches out from under the car.
it's jd, this motherf***er won't die neither,
dre starts sprayin' him with cans of ether
we stomped the b**** and then stopmed the b**** again
 detroit b**** talk some shit again!!
stomp him!  stomp him! dre, alright he's dead dog, quit kickin' him!
i think stanabis jumped off the bridge again
 he disappeared, yo he's gone, he did it again!"
"so this is it...
this is what i wished for
just isn't how i envisioned it
fame to the point of imprisonment
i just thought the shit'd be different
but something changed
the minute that i got a whiff of it
i started to inhale it
smell it
started sniffin' it
and it became my cocaine
i just couldn't quit
i just wanted a little bit
then it turned me to a monster
i became a hypocrite
concert after concert
i was raking in the dough
rolling in green
had the game hemmed up
like a sewing machine
but i was losing my freedom
there was no where for me
to not go and be seen
and just go and be me
and there was no in between
you either loved it or hate it
every cd critics gave it a 3, then 3
years later, they'd go back and re rate it
and call the slim shady lp the greatest
the marshall mathers was a classic
the eminem show was fantastic
but encore just didn't have the caliber to match it
i guess enough time just ain't passed, yet
a couple more years, that shit'll be ill matic
and eight years later, i'm still at it
divorce, re married
a felon
a father
sleeping pill addict
and this is real talk
i feel like the incredible hulk
my back has been broke, and i can still walk
so be careful what you wish for
'cause you just might get it
and if you get it then you just might not know
what to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
come back on you ten fold
i said
be careful what you wish for
'cause you just might get it
and if you get it then you just might not know
what to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
come back on you ten fold
i got a letter from a fan, that said
he's been praying for me
every day and for some reason
it's been weighing on my mind heavy
'cause i don't read every
letter i get, but something told me to go ahead and open it, but
why would someone pray for you when they don't know you?
you didn't pray for me when i was local
and as i lay these vocals
i think of all the shit i had to go through
just to get to where i'm at
i've already told you at least
a thousand times in these rhymes
i appreciate the prayer, but i've already got
god on my side
and it's been one hell of a ride, hasn't it?
just watchin' it from an opposite standpoint
man, boy's got to look
nuts
and that's the only word i can think of right now
on how
to describe the shit
this is like a vibe you get
go ahead and bob to it
just watch what you wish for, 'cause i got the shit
so be careful what you wish for
'cause you just might get it
and if you get it then you just might not know
what to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
come back on you ten fold
i said
be careful what you wish for
'cause you just might get it
and if you get it then you just might not know
what to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
come back on you ten fold"
"i built this castle, now we are trapped on the throne
i'm sorry, we're alone
i wrote my chapter
you'll turn the page when i'm gone
i hope you'll sing along
this is your song
i just want you to know that i ain't scared
whatever it takes to raise you, i'm prepared
to do whatever, to do whatever
december 1st, 1995, dear hailie
this is your song
you'll be coming out of mommy's stomach soon
i better do something quick if i'ma be able to support you
i can barely support me, but as long as you're healthy
that's all that matters for the time being
but obviously, assuming you will be, just thinking ahead
i'ma make it if it kills me
let's see how far i can take it with this music
i'm getting sick of chasing this illusion
sorry for sloppy writing
the pen in my hand's shaking, please excuse me
dad's a little nervous, but at the same time excited
if i use this same energy while i'm saying rhymes and write 'em
with the same passion and the same exact enthusiasm
as i'm using in this letter maybe they can feel me as i'm
trying to build these castles out of sand, baby girl
for you to sit on the throne, i got plans, baby girl
welcome to mom and dad's crazy world
love, daddy
maple flavored kisses, buttered pancakes, and syrup
i built this castle, now we are trapped on the throne
i'm sorry, we're alone
i wrote my chapter
you'll turn the page when i'm gone
i hope you'll sing along
this is your song
i just want you to know that i ain't scared
whatever it takes to raise you, i'm prepared
to do whatever, to do whateverdecember 1st, 1996, dear hailie
you got your momma's personality, same eyes as i got
her beautiful smile, but your ears are the same size as mine are
sorry for that, a little minor mishap
but you'll grow into 'em baby
i'm on the grind now
i'm doing little shows, open mics, all nighters at studios
while i'm tryna keep the lights on
why does it seem like i'm so close to this dream, yet so far?
i just keep steering
i'm gonna turn into someone
i haven't the slightest clue what i'm gonna do if it falls through
you took your first steps today, you'll probably walk soon
my infinite cd flopped, too many soft tunes
they're talking bad about dad, it's ticking me off too
makes me feel like i don't belong or something, ooh
i think i might have just stumbled onto something new
got a prediction for the future, i'm hoping it's you
open this envelope when you're older and it holds true
i built this castle, now we are trapped on the throne
i'm sorry, we're alone
i wrote my chapter
you'll turn the page when i'm gone
i hope you'll sing along
this is your song
i just want you to know that i ain't scared
whatever it takes to raise you, i'm prepared
to do whatever, to do whatever
december 24th, 2007, dear hailie
now if you found these letters, i guess i better try to explain
a lot's happened in between 'em, since i rised to this fame
i've said your name but always tried to hide your face
this game is crazy, i wanted to claim my love for you but damn
i never knew it'd be like this
if i did i wouldn't have done it
you ain't asked for none of this shit
now you're being punished?
things that should've been private with me and your mother is public
i can't stomach, they can take this fame back, i don't want it
i'll put out this last album then i'm done with it
one hundred percent finished
fed up with it, i'm hanging it up, f*** it
excuse the cursing, baby, but just know
that i'm a good person, though they portray me as cold
and, if things should worsen, don't take this letter i wrote as a goodbye note
'cause your dad's at the end of his rope
i'm sliding down a slippery slope
anyways sweetie, i better go, i'm getting sleepy
love dad
shit, i don't know"
"i just touched down   ferrari to concrete
i ain?t even home when they?re talking about me
f*** out my ear if you talking about ""free""
n****, free don't pay the bills
i'm ballin all out, b
these rappers don't know me
nah, i ain?t your homey
if your name ain't em, ferrari or tony
i like my wheel chromey
my bentley, my rolly
my magnum, my phonie
south jamaica shawty
these slugs i took in the gut, yo
the work's still here, i'm just cooking it up slow
clear my mind and whipping the truck low
you?re looking for trouble
i pop death
you?re looking to a sun dawg
if rap ain't work, i be pimpin' on some ho
still eating lobster and shrimp in the bungalow
i'm back like crack over the drum roll
you know   wherever i go the gun go
we on the grind
all the time
ain't 'bout to let a n**** come and snatch mine
i keep a nine
to see the shine
i might let your ass slide this time
while i get this paper
cause i?m a celebrity
ghetto celebrity
ain't nothing changed n****
the media will test ya, popularity is pressure
porche panamera platinum, hammer through the metal
wreck a booth up, i'm too tough
that inner city grammar, step your jewels up
they bruised up, i'll sparkle for the camera
harsh reality's what pulls them
and holding them back from opening
verbal attack all over these n****s
push the herd to the back
i'm the kind that they prey on
spending half of they day on
lay on n****s for days, the shots spray on
my sound system knock and it pound 2pac
6 4 jumping like the ground too hot
they spot me, they chase a n**** down two blocks
two shots in the air for n****s that ain't here
two tone, two door, grey top, blue floor
green guap galore, in and out of new hall
that bright light you saw was a paparazzi flash
i?m tryna snap a picture through your maserati glass
there are enough insults in my head to fill up a swear jar
and have it overflowing
so don't get me going: don't dare start
you'll never see me again: amelia earhart
i'm popping a wheelie, off to a really unfair start
i'm past grinding, for me   guess i just be grounded up
like ground round or a pound of chuck
tightly wound as f***
till the fire marshalls come shut
fire marshall down and up
i suggest you better shut the f*** up
and stop f***ing around and duck!
i ain't playing this time, i told you i'm out for blood
so to say i ""keep it 100"" would probably sound redundant
like calling a b**** a ho
or asking a gal to suck and blow on your big cock
is she up to screw or down to f***?
it's a man's world and i'm trapped in a land of smut
with a thousand sluts strapped and muzzled
running through a house of mutts
in other words, i'm shutting every one of you b****es' mouths up
and i'm watching my language if i tell you to kiss my f***ing butt!
and ain't shit changed, my shit still don't stink, player
my farts may have gotten staler ever since
i became a trailer park celebrity
maybe my complexion became a little paler
poster child for white trash
i'm a garbage pail kid sailor, yeah
see me? i'm all up in your b**** means i'mma rape her
all i got for these hoes is d***, duct tape and a stapler
so b****, you better look for table scraps to scrape up
i don't subscribe to the news of the free press
but homie, i get the paper!
...f***ing stupid"
"you are now listening to the sounds of...shady and...alchemist..alchemist..alchemist
got an axe in the duffel bag, couple of f**s
stuffed in the backseat, muzzled n gagged
wrapped in bubble wrap, two lesbians ahh
couple hustler mags, now grab the pez dispenser
fill it up to the max, with muscle relaxers
the governor of alaska, she lusts when i ask her
to shove my polaski sausage up in her ass huh
while we hover over nebraska
shooting at the f***ing buffalo pasture
in the helicopter, man i can't f*** her no faster
she's screaming ""grab my titties, shady suck on those bastards""
but i ain't no sucker, i won't snuggle up with her after
i'm a gigolo, but ya'll look like the juggalo rapper
everyday man i just seem to get a little bit doper
shit, back down
man i'd rather lick on a scrotum
and eat the f***ing octa mom's p**** lips with some okra
while i watch whoopi goldberg scissors with oprah
while rosey p**** farts and takes a piss on the sofa
get a boner and play d*** swords with the jonas brothers
your mother f***ing mothers are roamers, like no other
i keep thinking of her smothered in soma's
its chemical warfare, drop bombs like sadam
i'm bringing the drama, like barrack obama
playing rock em' sock em' robots with the octo mama
i'm vato loco, homie i'll cock those llamas
for chemical warfare"
"yeah, you know technically, i'm not even really suppose to be here, right now
so f*** it, might as well make the most of it
feels good! whooooooo!
guess i'm lucky, some of us don't get a second chance
but i aint blowing this one... nah man...
haha, shit i feel like i can do anything now
who could catch lighting in a bottle, set fire to water
coming out the nozzle on the fire hose, fly out and swat a
smash an hour glass, grab the sand, take his hands and cuff 'em
spit around to freeze a clock, take the hands of time and cuff 'em
theres a storm coming that the weather man couldn't predict
i start to ball prick, you betta flee cause i get ticked
it's a wrap, i was down, when i was down i was kicked
i got up im back to punch you to the ground, you trick, it’s a trap
f*** my last cd, that shits in my trash
i be goddamn if another rapper gets in my ass
i hit the gas and i spit every rap as if it's my last
you can die in a blink of an eye, so bat your eyelashes
and keep winking and blowing kisses, cause your flirting with death
im destroying your livelihood, i aint just hurting your rep
i catch a flow and get going otherwise im showing they slowing
for knowing no one is nothing you can do about it
zero in on my target like a marksman, the target is you
i shut your lane down, took your spot, parked in it too
arsonic flow, lighter fluid saliva, what can you do?
go get your crew to hype you up, stand behind you like “woo!”
that boys hot enough to melt hell, burn satan too
fry his ass and put his ashes back together with glue
see you can hate him, he don't blame you, frankly he would too
this game could ill afford to lose him, how about you?
now guess who  here's a clue he came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his nike shoe
it's in your ass, he's in your ass he's all up in your psyche, too
now what’s his name?
cinda rella man, cinda ella man, cinda rella, cinda rella man, cinda rella man
if i had a time machine i’d be
cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man cinderella man
music is my time machine, so call me
cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man
f*** catchin lighting, he struck it, screams shut up at thunder
than flip the world upside down and made it rain upward
rewound the future to the present, paused it, don’t ask how
f*** the past motherf***er he's the shit right now
cinderella man sent a fellow shady dame, came to wrap the game
up in cellophane raise hell, from hell he came
but didn't come to bore you with this cinderella story
nor did he come to do the same, or can afford to be
a lamo in this day in age, and at this stage in the game
mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly, so say bye
to the old hi to the new ca so ra
consider it his last hoorah, the coupe de gra
raise them high in the sky, keep em up
time to bring the place alive, thanks for being patient
i will make no more mistakes, shit my potatoes baked homie
the veggies on my plate can fly, my fillet is smoking weed
get back if the stakes are high
shit i aint even suppose to be here by the grace of god
the skin on my teeth and the hair on my nuts, i skated by
now ya'll are on thin ice with ankle weights, i'd hate to lie
how f***ing irritated are you, how much in your face am i!
and aint shit you can do, but fear it, proof is here in spirit
and i'm a spitting image, i mirror it when i stand near it
your p**** lyric, i c*** hear it
who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists
who?  heres a clue he came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his nike shoe
it's in your ass, he's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche, too
now what's his name?
cinda rella man, cinda rella man, cinda rella, cinda rella man, cinda rella man, if i had a time machine i'd be
cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man cinderella man
music is my time machine, so call me
cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man"
"cause some things just don't change
it's better when they stay the same
althought the whole world knows your name
so on the biggest days they came to see you spit your game
ooooohhhhhhh
it shouldn't be difficult to explain
just why you came back again, you hate the fame
love the game, cold as ice you remain
f*** em' all, tell 'em all eat shit, here we go again
so, god damn... is it that time again already
haha, you don't look too happy to see me
f*** man, don't everybody welcome me back at once
all right, f*** ya'll then
you can get the d***, just call me the ballsac, i'm nuts
michael vick in this b**** dog, fall back you mutts
f*** your worms, you never seen such a sick puppy
f*** it a sick duck, i'm on my duck sick mummy
and my nuts, lick, gobble 'em up trick, yummy
b**** you don't f***ing think that i know that you suck d*** dummy?
you'll get your butt kicked, f*** all that love shit honey
yeah i laugh when i call you a slut, it's funny!
shawty dance while i diss you to the beat, f*** the words
you don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah struck a nerve sucker
motherf***er might aswell let my lips pucker
like elton john, cause i'm just a mean cock sucker
this shit is on, cause you wen't and pissed me off
now i'm sitting and pissing on everbody
give a f*** if it's right or wrong
so buck the buddah, light a bong
but take a look at mariah the next time i inspire you to write a song, cmon
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, i'm as cold as the cold wind blows
when it snows and it's twenty be low
ask me why man i just don't know know know know know know know
i'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo blo blo blo blo blows
oh oh oh oh oh
f*** it i'm a loose cannon, bruce banner's back in the booth
ya'll are sitting ducks, i'm the only goose standing
i set the world on fire, piss on it, put it out
stick my d*** in a circle, but i'm not f***ing around motherf***er
i'll show you p**** footin, i'll kick a b**** in the c***
til it makes her queef and sounds like a f***ing whoopy cushion
who the f*** is you pushin', you musta mistook me for some sissy
soft punk looking for some nookie or boosom
go ahead, f***ing hater push me
i told you ain't no f***ing way to shush me
call me a f***** cause i hate a p****
man the f*** up sissy, g's up
all you gardeners freeze up, put your hoes down man chill, nah i can't god damnit
rappers are land fill, drop the anvil
these are shoes that you can't fill
shit the day that happens the world'll stop spinning
and michael j. fox'll come to a stand still
during an earthquake, urine in your face
cause you're fake, ahh what the f***, that hurt wait!
ahh what the f***, i just got struck by lightening
alright then i quit, god i give up
call it evil that men do, lord forgive me for what my pen do
this is for your sins, i cleanse you
you can repent but i warn you, if you continue
to hell i'll send you, and just then the wind blew and i said
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, i'm as cold as the cold wind blows
when it snows and it's twenty be low
ask me why man i just don't know know know know know know know
i'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo blo blo blo blo blows
oh oh oh oh oh
how long will i be this way? shady until my dying day
til i hang up the mic and it's time for me to say
so long, til then i drop the f***ing bombs
like i miss the pass when i went long
if you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong
now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song
oh b****es don't like that, homie i'll be nicer to women
when the aqua man drowns and the human torch starts swimming
man i'm a cold soul, i roll solo so
so don't compare me to them other bums over there
it's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums yeah
i'm bananas p****, cut off the grapes and grow a pair
but i swear, you try to diss me, i'll slaughter you
i put that on everything, like everyone does with auto tune
that last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme
and say i was writing this and i thought of you so
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, i'm as cold as the cold wind blows
when it snows and it's twenty be low
ask me why man i just don't know know know know know know know
i'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo blo blo blo blo blo blows
oh oh oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh oh oh
i don't know, i don't know what caused, i don't know what caused me to be this wayme to be this way
i don't know, i don't know by i probably be this way til my dying day
i don't know why i'm so, i'm so cold beat bangs, i don't need to say
i guess this is how you made me"
"good mornin
haha, wake your mother f***in arses up
yo what is the what?
well come on then, you know what time it is
stop sleepin on my roof b****
for whatever it's worth it's worth me havin my arse whipped
cause i'ma have the last lift that ever gets arse squished
i just can't get past these little pissants
that wanna be rauny bad asses so bad
and they so mad they can't stand it
cause we can and they can't spit and they can't handle it like a man
and that's when it just happens
and i snap and it's a wrap, and it's a scrap an then it isn't rap is it?
hip hop isn't a sport anymore when you got to go and resort back into that shit
maybe i'm old fashioned but my pashion
is to smash anyone rappin without havin a slappin
believe me i'd much rather pick up a pencil than a pistol but i'm pissed now
but it all depends on just how far it get's took on the mic
cause i'm tellin you right now your not gonna like it
cause if i get pushed over the edge then i'm pullin you with me
you poke a stick at a big boy you get bit b
these words stick to you like crazy glue
when you diss me cause they just bounce off me like bullets do fifty!
i'm the beatiful est thing and your gonna miss me when i'm gone
like kieth murry when he threw a stool and hit a girl acci dently i do this for swifty, kon and kuniva, bizzy & proof are you with me?
come on an everybody come on an
kick your shoes off mother f***ers come on an
cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
wake your arse up mother f***ers quit yawnin
cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
so up an sing along with the words to the song an
if you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
fake like you know em mother f***ers an join in
everybody come on an
?? the media pitted me of a beef starter
in a party with heat it's hard to keep me without one
f*** slugs i'm walkin gloves with a shotgun
constantly popin slugs they hot son, better not run
the bosses of all bosses a haluocaust to whoever ain't concious
in a house full of dog shit,
i'ma gothic death project, you stop breathin
you die quicker than mach speed without bleedin
it ain't about what you readin
when you meet me better speak like a season's greetins
either that or we'll be beefin free when
you ******* need a 'e' just to speak shit!
your leader is a botique b****
keep the heater where you can reach quick
i snipe you with it and we won't even keep it a secret
****** i did it from a mind of a mental patient
when glocks wave you can save that conversation for satan
you brave?
come on an everybody come on an
kick your shoes off mother f***ers come on an
cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
wake your arse up mother f***ers quit yawnin
cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
so up an sing along with the words to the song an
if you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
fake like you know em mother f***ers an join in
everybody come on an
yo yo i heard you n****s don't like us
but so what this beef is like
'what tha f*** did he say in his rap em?'
i can see that he's just a punk
i mean these n****s squeeze on me
please i'm seeing guts
i don't need no enemies, as my family a couple trucks
am i empty seein them ?? i emtpy out them ?? to fight you
in front of every reporter that i don't like
no need for metaphores i get yours across when i write
so emotions enough to say ""f*** you b****, and i don't like you, what!""
i might as well give this up like heavy sales
and just f*** an leave d12 and this blunt
we can't self destruct
i've never felt it this much
come on fellas, get up
we got to fight like bugs last night of his life
i walk with a limp, pistol hangin off'a tha hip
i'm awkward and quick enough an sick when sparkin a fith
your carcus is split even the beef is partially thick
we can't take you serious, you a comedy skit
you probaly wish that you could be out shootin them g's
but the only thing you shoot is the breeze
i can't believe you speaking on movin key's
but every time we hear you kick it
the only thing you sellin is wolf tickets
i look wicked cause n****s will test your nut sack
so when they bust you better bust back
and get your guts clapped outa your stomach
and when they want it i bring a hundred n****s from runave
so get your gun and if you comin
come on an everybody come on an
kick your shoes off mother f***ers come on an
cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
wake your arse up mother f***ers quit yawnin
cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
so up an sing along with the words to the song an
if you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
fake like you know em mother f***ers an join in
everybody come on in"
"you always thought that i was doing alright
but nothing that was through a night
but i'm crazy over you
crazy on you
let me go crazy crazy on youuuuuuuuu
can't you see what you do to me baby?
you make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac.
i'm like a lunatic, you make me sick
you truly are the only one who can do this to me
you just make me get so crazy.
i go skitzo, i get so insane i just go skitzophrenic
one minute i want to slit your throat
the next i want sex.
you make me crazy,
the way we act like 2 maniacs in the sac
we f*** like 2 jackrabbits
and maybe that's a bad habit.
cuz the next day we're right back at it
in the same exact pattern
what the f*** is the matter with us
we can't figure out if it's
lust or it's love
what's sad is what's attracting us to each other
they say that every man grows up
to marry his own mother.
which would explain why you're such a motherf***ing b****
but i stay and still stick it out with you
even though i just hit you today
but you deserve it you hit me first and provoked me to choke you
just cuz i came home late last night
crawled in bed and i woke you.
but if there's one thing about you i admire its, baby,
because you stay with me,
maybe, because you're as crazy as i am
cuz when i look at you
i can see an angel in your eyes
but if i look deeper inside
i see your freakish little side.
like a devil in disguise,
you're always full of surprises
always pullin' devises
out your personal vibrators and dildos
you f***ed yourself so much
you barely feel those anymore
you're only 24 but you're plenty more now.
sure than those other little hoes
who just act like little girls
like they're in middle school still
you're crazy sexy cool, chillin
you play your position
you never step out of line
even though i stay in your business
you've always kept out of mine.
i wonder whats on your mind
sometimes they say love is blind
maybe that's why the first time i dotted your eye
you ain't see a sign.
or maybe you did
maybe you like me and stuff
maybe cuz we're crazy in loooove
crazy on you
crazy on you
let me go crazy crazy on youuuuuuuuu
you're the ink to my paper
where my pen is to my pad
the moral, the very fiber
the whole substance to my rap.
you are my reason for being
the meaning of my existence
if it wasn't for you
i would never be able to spit this
these sentences i do wit me i am me
is you rely on me as much
as i rely on you to inspire me like you do.
you provide me the lighterfluid to fuel my fire
you're my entire supply gas, the match, the igniter.
the only way that i am able to stay so stable
is you're the legs to my table
if you were to break i'd fall on my face.
but i'm always going to make you feel
i don't need you as much as i really need you
so you don't use it to your advantage.
but you're essential to me
you're the air i breathe
i believe if you ever leave me
i'd probably have no reason to be.
you are the kim to my marshall
you're the slim to my shady
the dre to my eminem
the elaina to my hailey.
you are the word i am looking for when
i'm trying to describe how i feel inside
and the right one just won't come to my mind.
you're like the pillar that props me up
the beam that supports me
the b**** who never took half,
the wife who never divorced me.
you're like the root to my evil
you let my devil come out me
you let me beat the shit out you
before you beat the shit out me.
and no matter how much
too much is never enough
maybe cuz we're crazy in loooove
i'm crazy on you
crazy over you
let me go crazy crazy over youuuuuuuuu
by x' tyle >> zamp feat luginho_"
"a lot of people ask me.. stupid f***in questions
a lot of people think that.. what i say on records
or what i talk about on a record, that i actually do in real life
or that i believe in it
or if i say that, i wanna kill somebody, that..
i'm actually gonna do it
or that i believe in it
well, shit.. if you believe that
then i'll kill you
you know why?
cuz i'm a
criminal
criminal
you god damn right
i'm a criminal
yeah, i'm a criminal
my words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
that'll stab you in the head
whether you're a f** or lez
or the homosex, hermaph or a trans a vest
pants or dress   hate f**s? the answer's ""yes""
homophobic? nah, you're just heterophobic
starin at my jeans, watchin my genitals bulgin that's my motherf***in balls, you'd better let go of em
they belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of em
hey, it's me, versace
whoops, somebody shot me!
and i was just checkin the mail
get it? checkin the 'male'?
how many records you expectin to sell
after your second lp sends you directly to jail?
c'mon!   relax guy, i like g** men
right, ken? give me an amen please lord, this boy needs jesus
heal this child, help us destroy these demons
oh, and please send me a brand new car
and a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital
preacher preacher, fifth grade teacher
you can't reach me, my mom can't neither
you can't teach me a goddamn thing cause
i watch tv, and comcast cable
and you ain't able to stop these thoughts
you can't stop me from toppin these charts
and you can't stop me from droppin each march
with a brand new cd for these f***in r*****s
duhhh, and to think, it's just little ol' me
mr. ""don't give a f***,"" still won't leave
chorus: eminem 
i'm a criminal
cuz every time i write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime
to tell em what's on my mind   i guess i'm a criminal
but i don't gotta say a word, i just flip em the bird
and keep goin, i don't take shit from no one
my mother did drugs   tar, liquor, cigarettes, and speed
the baby came out   disfigured, ligaments indeed
it was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
don't dare make fun of that baby cause that baby was me
i'm a criminal   an animal caged who turned crazed
but how the f*** you sposed to grow up when you weren't raised?
so as i got older and i got a lot taller
my d*** shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger
i drink malt liquor to f*** you up quicker
than you'd wanna f*** me up for sayin the word ...
my morals went thhbbpp when the president got oral
sex in his oval office on top of his desk
off of his own employee
now don't ignore me, you won't avoid me
you can't miss me, i'm white, blonde haired
and my nose is pointy
i'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
in plane crashes and laughs
as long as it ain't happened to him
slim shady, i'm as crazy as em
 inem and kim combined   the maniac's in
replacin the doctor cause dre couldn't make it today
he's a little under the weather, so i'm takin his place
 oh, that's dre with an ak to his face
don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
i told you dre, you should've kept that thang put away
i guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh?
i'm a criminal
aight look  just go up in that motherf***er
get the motherf***in money and get the f*** up outta there
 aight
i'll be right here waitin on you
 aight
yo em
 what?!
don't kill nobody this time
 awwright... god damn, f***...
 how you doin'?
 hi, how can i help you?
 yeah i need to make a withdrawl
 okay
 put the f***in money in the bag b****
and i won't kill you!
 what? oh my god, don't kill me
 i'm not gonna kill you b****, quit lookin around...
 don't kill me, please don't kill me...
 i said i'm not gonna f***in kill you
hurry the f*** up!  thank you!
windows tinted on my ride when i drive in it
so when i rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
so i'll be disguised in it
and if anybody identifies the guy in it
i'll hide for five minutes
come back, shoot the eyewitness
then fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
die b****es, bastards, brats, pets!
cause puffy's lucky i didn't blast his ass yet
if i ever gave a f***, i'd shave my nuts
tuck my d*** inbetween my legs and cluck
you motherf***in chickens ain't brave enough
to say the stuff i say, so this tape is shut
shit, half the shit i say, i just make it up
to make you mad so kiss my white naked ass
and if it's not a rapper that i make it as
i'ma be a f***in rapist in a jason mask"
"is this thing on?
where'd everybody go?
guess who's back?
back again·.
ken is back, tell some·men
rub my back, rub my back, rub my back, rub my back·.
eh·.wait·..hello?
eh·..goodnight"
"applause
foot steps
microphone screeches
taps on microphone
clears throat
encore version:
still on?
yo, is the mic on?
check, check, check
alright, let's do it
let's go, come on"
"i don't wanna be alone, i don't wanna be
i don't wanna be alone in the darkness
i don't wanna be alone in the darkness
i don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
here i am, alone again
can't get out of this hole i'm in
it's like the walls are closin' in
you can't help me, no one can
i can feel these curtains closin'
i go to open 'em
but something pulls 'em closed again
feels like i'm loathing in las vegas
haven't got the vaguest why i'm so lost
but i'd make you this small wager
if i bet you i'll be in tomorrow's paper
who would the odds favor?
i'm so much like my father, you would think that i knew him
i keep pacin' this room, valium and chase it with booze
one little taste, it'll do
maybe i'll take it and snooze, then tear up the stage in a few
f*** the colt 45, i'ma need somethin' stronger
if i pop any caps, it better be off of vodka
round after round after round, i'm gettin' loaded that's a lot of shots, huh? 
and i don't wanna be alone in the darkness i don't wanna be alone in the darkness
i don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
now i'm starin' at the room service menu off a benzo
i can hear the music continue to crescendo
i can see the whole f***in' venue from my window
that's when you know you're schizo
'cause i keep peekin' out the curtain from the hotel
the music is so loud
but it's almost as though i don't hear no sound
i should get ready for the show now
wait is this the whole crowd? i thought this shit was sold out
but it's only the opening act, it's early, don't overreact
then something told me relax
and just hope for the show to be packed
don't wanna hit the stage before they fill each row to the max
'cause that'd be totally wack
you can't murder a show nobody's at
but what if nobody shows? panic mode
'bout to snap and go motherf***in' wacko at any second
'bout to cancel the show just as fans below rush the entrance
plan is a go to wreck shit, cameras in all directions
the press is about to go ape shit bananas on all the networks
commando with extra clips, i got ammo for all the hecklers
i'm armed to the teeth, another valium, fall off the bed
hit the ground and crawl to the dresser
alcohol on my breath as i reach for the scope
i'm blackin' out, i'm all out of meds
with them benzodiazepines gone
now it's just magazines sprawled out on the floor
f*** the media, i'm goin' all out, this is war
and i don't wanna be alone in the darkness i don't wanna be alone in the darkness
i don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
people start to show up, time to start the show up
it's 10: 05 pm and the curtain starts to go up
and i'm already sweatin' but i'm locked and loaded
for rapid fire spittin' for all the concert goers
scopes for sniper vision, surprise from out of nowhere
as i slide the clip in from inside the hotel
leanin' out the window, going keyser söze
finger on the trigger, but i'm a licensed owner
with no prior convictions, so loss, the sky's the limit
so my supplies infinite, strapped like i'm a soldier
got 'em hopping over walls and climbing fences
some of them john travolta, staying alive by inches
cops are knockin', oh f***, thought i blocked the entrance
guess show time is over
no suicide note, just a note for target distance
but if you'd like to know the reason why i did this
you'll never find a motive, truth is i have no idea
i am just as stumped, no signs of mental illness
just tryin' to show ya the reason why we're so f***ed
'cause by the time it's over
won't make the slightest difference
and i don't wanna be alone in the darkness
i don't wanna be alone in the darkness
i don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
woman: yeah, we do have some breaking news
from the associated press right now
just gonna bring that up because we are hearing
we have told you that the shooter is dead
and we have just learned that police are saying
that the las vegas shooter killed himself
man: that is the bartender there at mandalay bay
and i believe we're going to hear more
woman: yeah, we just wanted to share that with you
you can see behind me here, this is what he looks like
now we did just tell you that police just earlier
metro was telling us that he killed himself
inside the hotel room"
" bad boy baby
 yeah.. yeah..
junior m.a.f.i.a., yeah..
 yeah.. b.i.g. 2000
b.i.g. 2000 born again.. c'mon..
chorus: notorious b.i.g.
the weak or the strong, who got it goin on
you're dead wrong
the weak or the strong, who got it goin on
you're dead wrong
relax and take notes, while i take tokes of the marijuana smoke
throw you in a choke   gun smoke, gun smoke
biggie smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
the hooker layer   motherf***er say your prayers
hail mary full of grace.. smack the b**** in the face;
take her gucci bag and the north face
off her back, jab her if she act
funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
i don't wanna rape ya, i just want the paper
the visa, kapeesha? i'm out like, ""the vapors""
who's the one you call mr. macho, the head honcho
swift fist like camacho, i got so
much style i should be down wit the stylistics
make up to break up  n****z need to wake up
smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure
then f*** your moms, hit the skins til amnesia
she don't remember shit! just the two hits!
her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits!
suckin on the tits! had the hooker beggin for the d***
and your moms ain't ugly love; my d*** got rock quick
i guess i was a combination of house of pain and bobby brown
i was ""humpin around"" and ""jump in around""
jacked her then i asked her who's the man; she said, ""b i g""
then i bust in her e y e 
chorus 2x + ""i don't care what nobody say"" sample 
when i get dusted, i like to spread the blood like mustard
trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
move over lucifer, i'm more ruthless, huh
leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, i'll flip it
tears don't affect me, i hit 'em with the tech g
disrespect me   my potency is deadly
i'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes
hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
slit the wrist of little sis
after she sucked the d***, i stabbed her brother with the icepick
because he wanted me to f*** him from the back
but smalls don't get down like that
got your father hidin in a room; f***ed him with the broom
slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
who you think you're dealin with?
anybody step into my path is f***in feelin it!
hardcore, i got it sucked like a p****
stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me
i'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
the black demon, got the little hookers screamin
because you know i love it young, fresh and green
with no hair in between, know what i mean?
chorus 2x + ""i don't care what nobody say"" sample 
 ladies and gentlemen..
there's several different levels to devil worshippin: horse's heads,
human sacrifices, canibalism; candles and exorcism
animals havin sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits
but i don't get into that, i kick the habit   i just,
beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
and i never eat you unless the f***in, meat looks fresh
i got a lion in my pocket, i'm lyin, i got a nine in my pocket
and baby i'm just, dyin to cock him
he's ready for war, i'm ready for war
i got machetes and swords for any f***** that said he was raw
my uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
i just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
marshall will step in the door, i lay your head on the floor
with your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore
met on the second, wet on the third;
then she's dead on the fourth   i'm dead wrong
chorus 2x + ""i don't care what nobody say"" sample 
chorus repeats to fade..
uh huh, and we won't stop, because we can't stop"
"dear,
dear,
i just wanna start out by saying
i still love you
even when i was pregnant with you
it was very hard for me
so many times of torture was worth every minute of it
cuz wen i looked in to those big blue eyes
this was the first time i had ever felt true love
in my whole life
we have a problem marshall
the past 2 years..something really went wrong
i was so excited about your success yet so let down by your
betrayal
playing the role of both mum & dad must of taken a toll on you
more then i ever imagined
*marshall* i did the best i could
i went without seeking half
it was rong of me and i see it now as giving you everything
and never questioning ne thing you eva did
as you were perfect in my eyes
my unconditional love created a spoiled young man
an angry one too
now before god and every1 i must apologise cuz at the time
i thought it was the right thing to do
im torchered daily by people always asking me where
such an angry young man ....................
being the only role model in your life, of course they're gonna
blame me
the demeanin me needs to stop and i speak 4 lots of mothers
the words really hurt and they cut like a knife
but theres no way to mend a bleedin heart
if not 4my frenz who ave been there for me and yes
*marshall* they really truely care
i pray some day your not going to be alone and you'll ave frenz like
me.....and they wont be there just for your fame
and no more attacks on me
and vicious acts of heat cuz it really hurts
will the real marshall mathers please stand up?
and take responsibility 4his actions
and im gonna close this by saying
its not too late for change
and always sincerely your only mother"
"dmc, we have a mid thirties male found down, unresponsive
possible overdose, substance unknown,
pulse is sixty and thready
respiration's eight, he's intubated and we're baggin' him now
bp, ninety over palp,
patient is cool, pale and diaphoretic
has aspirated, gsc is three,
we'll update en route, eta, ten minutes
as i fall deeper into a manic state
i'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug outta trate
the blood pressure climbs to a dramatic rate
i seem to gravitate to the bottle of nyquil than i salivate
start off with the nyquil with like i think i will just have a taste
couple of sips of that than i gradually graduate
to a harder prescription drug called valium like yah thats great
i go to just take one than i end up like having eight
now i need something in my stomach because i haven't ate
maybe ill grab a plate of nachos and ill have a steak
and you'd think with all i have at stake
look at my daughters face
mommy something is wrong with dad i thank
hes acting weird again
he''s really beginnings to scare me
won't shave his beard again
and he pretends that he doesn''t hear me
and all he does eat dorritos and cheetos and he just
fell asleep in his car eating three muskateers in the rear seat
sometimes i feel so alone, i just don't know
it feels like ive been down this road before
so lonely and cold it's like something takes over me
as soon as i go home and close the door
god feels like déjà vu i wanna get away from this place i do
but i cant and i won't say i try but i know it's a lie
cause i don't and why i just don't know
""maybe just a nice cold brew, what's a beer?""
that's the devil in my ear
i been sober a f***in' year
and that f***er still talks to me
he's all i can f***in' hear
""marshall, come on we'll watch the game,
it's the cowboys and buccaneers""
and maybe if i just drink half i'll be half buzzed
for half of the time, who's the mastermind behind that little line
with that kind of rationale man i got
half a mind
to have another half of glass of wine, sound asinine
yeah i know, but i never had no problem with alcohol
ouch, look out for the wall, aim for the couch   i'm 'bout to fall
i missed the couch and down i go lookin' like a bouncy ball
shit musta knocked me out cause i ain't feel the ground at all
wow, what the f*** happened last night, where am i
man, f*** am i hungover and goddamn i
got a headache, shit half a vicodin, why can't i
all systems ready for take off, please stand by
sometimes i feel so alone, i just don't know
it feels like ive been down this road before
so lonely and cold it's like something takes over me
as soon as i go home and close the door
god feels like deja vu i wanna get away from this place i do
but i cant and i won't say i try but i know it's a lie
cause i don't and why i just don't know
so i take a vicodin, splash it hits my stomach then, ahhhh
couple of weeks go by it ain't even like i'm
gettin' high
now i need it just not to feel sick,
yeah i'm gettin' by
wouldn't even be taking this shit if deshaun
didn't die
oh yeah, there's an excuse, you lose proof so you use
there's new rules, it's cool if it's helpin' you to get through
it's twelve noon, ain't no harm in self inducin' a snooze
what else is new, f*** it what would elvis do in your shoes
now here i am three months later, full blown relapse
just get high until the kids get home from school, holmes, relax
and since i'm convinced that i'm an insomniac
i need these pills to be able to sleep so i take three naps
just to be able to function throughout the day, let's see
that's an ambien each nap, how many valium, three
and that will average out to about one good hour's sleep
ok so now ya, see, the reason how come, he
has taken four years to just put out an album, b
see me and you we almost had the same outcome, heath
cause that christmas you know the whole pneumonia thing?
it was bologna, was it the methadone ya think?
or the hydrocodone you hide inside your pornos
your vcr tape cases, with your ambien cr
great places to hide 'em, ain't it?
so you can lie to hailie
i'm goin' beddy bye whitney baby, good night alaina
go in the room and shut the bedroom door and wake up in
an ambulance
they said they found me on the bathroom floor, damn...
sometimes i feel so alone, i just don't know
it feels like ive been down this road before
so lonely and cold it's like something takes over me
as soon as i go home and close the door
god feels like deja vu i wanna get away from this place i do
but i cant and i won't say i try but i know it's a lie
cause i don't and why i just don't know"
"yo, aiyo turn the heads and the mics up
we got the dreadknaughts, you know wha' i'm sayin'?
super mc, ya know wha' i mean?
bugz, dirty and all that, all that shit
you know wha' i'm sayin'?
desperados with the cars, eminem
chauvinist pig, drove in this big lincoln
till it went over the bridge
jumped out and dove in the ditch
broke in a mobile home and stole a stove and fridge
kidnapped the parents and left the ransom note for the kids
i'ma go for your mids
here's a body blow for your ribs
while you're clutching your stomach and bleeding all over your b****
i know where you live, your girl showed me your crib
unless she told me a fib
then i'ma have both of ya dead
burning incense, facing a murder sentence
under intent, for investigation for killing infants
while i sit in padded rooms doing shrooms
having visions of dead pregnant women wit' brooms jammed in they wounds
slit your carpet and rugs, and f***ed your apartment up
sticking up all the drugs, and jumping in garbage trucks
i'm from the shitty slums that look like the city dumps
give you a kidney punch, and mug you to get me lunch
see me every summer, layin' up against the dumpster
with a one hundred dollar jumper, smothered in southern comfort
got my slim shady sticker on your mother's bumper
she came home screamin', a bunch of motherf***ers jumped her
aiyo
pursue to list 'em, there's no need to diss 'em
they be behavin', make sure your whole breathing system
twist them like big caps, who wants to hear that
rap, murder rates, and i snap vertebrates
collapse further states, my tribe reserves the grave
your pack deserve a crate, in fact the word is fake
i'll cook you slow like egg sufficient nuts
i'm holding vandanna like seven great molested sluts
calling me a b**** n****, you need to stop
reality, one on one
how many times you got dropped
i'm cut throat when any track runs, i smack none's
it's the rough method that makes muslims run and pack guns
i'm volcanic , the sermon preacher burning mc's most wanted by herman kefa
you tried to get a squad, they was like ""money oh no""
leavin' you brain dead, hittin' trees with sonny bono
i kick without a dojo, d 12 slow flow
shoot down your mother ship and pimp slap mojo
no pro wanna go knuckle blades with renegade
n**** tried to go pop, and plus they minute made
my lieutenant spray your brigade, and trampled your flow
big p, the reason mc's canceled they shows
the truth will hurt, see proof will work your shame in it
the best part of your show is when you put my name in it
my squad, godly, fearin' shit hardly
so i hope when i die, i dope like chris farley
f*** that
who run shit, watch these drums hit
you dove head first into some old dumb shit
here's a can of ass whip, for you to come get
your clique made their trip, i made them hoes submit
ask your girl, she knows the scoop don't f*** with bugz b****
i'll chop off her titty, have you sucking one tit
them pink belly n****s is who you run wit'
making half ass songs, shitty snares and one kick
i hate your damn sound, don't like it one bit
you can make a double album, won't have one hit
your entire outfit is on some bullshit
and there's not a damn one that i can't out wit'
i admit, that my style is unfit
for mamma's baby boy because i'm on some dumb shit
like i commit arsony, get harm quick
you pull the alarm switch, i'll stab you in your armpit
now who the nitwit wanna come get wit'
this egotistic, hip hop fundal mentalisitic
don't risk it, you'll get your shit split
now keep your distance, and keep existence
i'm the persistent when it comes to bench shit
i smoked a blunt with my judge before my sentence
i'm relentless to deny you're senseless
yo b****, pay my bill that's where the hell your rent went
f*** that
i killed competition, with no way out as an opposition
execute the passengers on the flight my executive decision
then reminisce on how shady the business
terrorists asked by israelis when they visit
bombed in insentient
one word in three in the making, murdered the exhibition team finish
beat the ref senseless
no timeout extended play papers over your intermission
and increasing the battlefield with the blood of christians
cryin' for the messiah, but he don't listen
i pop my wing when i top the stove frame boil sizzling
i fight a maniac cook, i do damage to kitchens
f*** home depot, i demolition
when i home improve, i'll be there to fix it
for my school is supervision, for down finical aid smoked up my intuition
only hang out with rappers with explicit lyrics
and pistol grip punks with a beef, b**** do you wanna get eaten
i got a mind full of troubles
everything is in doubles
i buy my guns in couples
no time to replace fumbles
'cause mc's come and mc's go, we both flow
injured from head to toe
no fit a model, we full throttle
you stuck in low, incapable to master flow
everything is tactical, living mathematical
watch master flow, unleash and let go
i shit like lava, original designer, married to marijuana since a minor
making it a chance to see my battleship could get you wet like fibs, what
applying death defying feets, maintain to keep my peace
flow like to see, when i release these beats over concrete
my president transitions has taken place
as eyes spread folk ally on the m i cr o
power he's cyphin' not quality, i deal it
lays the track and made it real, i know my people feel it
keep their head bobbin', and the emotional sobbin'
plus a cultural cipher after shows, hoes slobbin'
knobs, love the f***in' flavor of the icing
plus i'm precision, my double edge will continue slicin'"
"f*** an intro man, lets go..
i come around like what goes around
what goes up must come down
anyone who comes up must go down
might as well go for the gusto now
better not let up better not let them breath
last shot give it all you got
try to turn me down b**** get f***ed with the volume nob
f*** all you snobs
hoes i hope all you rott
2 bottles of lubriderm and a box of condoms is that all you brought
and you wanna menage a trois you twats
f*** that i'd rather turn this club to a bar room brawl
get as rowdy as roesthlisberger in a bathroom stall
like a leaf stuck in a vacuum your only nuttin but a whole lot of suckin'
goin' on in rap
yeah but i'm home
bad to the bone
back in the zone
let him alone
you don't wanna go eggin' him on
it'll never be my chair that your on
crown so tight that it cuts off circulation to the brain no oxygen
otherwords there's no heir to the throne
when i die so does hip hop
hitchcock better shit b**** ass got a zip locked in a bag
you f**s aint been able to fade me since kid rock had a high top
keep blogging while i'm mind boggling my zone like i'm in the twilight
talking of my bone this is my mic dog i like hogging it
flow so wet i'mma take this beat tobogganing
i'm water logging it, i'm sogging it
pull your verse out the beat and stomp on it
suplex it on cement like i'm on some straight outta compton shit
take this d*** and chomp on it
i'm so bad i can b**** slap a back handed compliment
jack ass eat a donkey d***
the game i just about conquered it like donkey kong
i'm bonkers b****, i'm the king of this honkey shit, i reign supreme in this honkey shit
no sense screaming and arguing
makes no difference whether a benz or bentley or a beamers the car you in
you think you ball well i palm it
i throw up bombs when i vomit
boy i throw down in the kitchen might hit your mom with my omlette
but you got egg on your face now watch me drop an atomic
i should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze
b**** i'm as bat shit as ozzy it's obvious
you can tell i go right off the bat
no pun intended but come any closer i'll bite off your head
tryna give me the fingers kinda like giving a spider the web
i'm just gonna spin it and try to use it to my advantage
i catch a fly in that b**** you think you fly you just food
i give as much as a flying f*** as that superman do
guess i just do what you can't do or make you look stupid and baboozled
confused as usual and you can get ripped she can open a can too
but you better hope you can handle the heat
or stay the f*** outta hell's kitchen
i came to cock block like a f***ing square male chicken
yeah it's shady slut the rest can suck on a big one
cos im despicable like daffy duck when i'm spitting,"
"my life is like a highlight reel
some might consider this my twilight but depending how i might feel
i might continue on with my career for 5 light years
critics can fly kites here?
welcome to my nightmare
pressures on, blood pressure racing
i calculate my next step, pacin?
don?t know if i?ll meet expectations
all i know is the world better get set
dre?s in effect
been in it since you had cassette decks taping
i?m sick?
i sit into the wee hours all night
and we don't stop until the sunlight
we just keep going cause the die hard won?t go down without a fight
?i went to the wee hours all night
and we don't stop until the sunlight
we just keep going cause the die hard won?t go down without a fight
it?s on, blood pressure racing
i calculate my next step which is to accept my expectations
they're soaring too high to meet, my reputations in jep?
yep, face it, the fans they?ve been upset yet patient, i love ?em for that
i sit into the wee hours all night
and we don't stop until the sunlight
we just keep going cause the die hard won?t go down without a fight
?i went to the wee hours all night
and we don't stop until the sunlight
we just keep going cause the die hard won?t go down without a fight"
"they ask me am i ok. they ask me if i'm happy
are they asking me that because of the sh t thats been thrown at me
or am i just a little snappy and they genuinly care
doody, most of my life its just been me and you there
and i continuosly stare at pictures of you
i never got to say i love you as much as i wanted to but i do
yeah i say it now and you can't hear me
what the f ck good does that do me now
but somehow i know you're near me in presence
or i went and drop some presents off to ease it to them
two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little
and dawg you'll never believe this
but sharonda actually talks to me now
jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces
man how could you touch so many f cking lives and just leave us
they say grievance has its way of affecting everyone different
if it's true, how the f ck am i supposed to get over you
difficult as it sounds
doody, that's what we call each other
i don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us
we was always brothers
never thought about each others skin colours
til one day we was walking up the block in the summer
it was like 90 degrees, i was catching a sun burn
tryna walk under the trees
just to give me some comfort
i'm moaning i just wanna get home
when i look over and his shirt is off
i'm like you gon fry and like
""no i won't, i'm black stupid
black people they got melatonin in their skin, we don't burn""
meanwhile, my face is glowing and i felt like i'm on fire
and the entire time you're just laughing at me
and snapping at me with your shirt, bastard
and i still have to get you back for that sh t
and by the way them playboy rings
my mother stole from you
well nate finally got em back sh t
it must have been at least 16 years ago
well i put em in your cask owww
moving past it, it still ain't registered yet
but you can bet your legacy they'll never forget
the motor city mo town
hip hop vet, hip hop shop, dreads
it don't stop there
yeah, as difficult as this sounds
and this may sound a little strange but i'mma tell it
i found that jacket that you left at my wedding
and i picked it up to smell it
i wrapped it up in plastic until i put it in glass
and hang up in the hallway so i can always look at it
and as for all of me and d12 we feel like f ck rap
it feels like our general just f cking died in our lap
we shut off all our pages
all our cell numbers is changed
our two ways are in the trash
so some cats will have to find a new way
and i know that it feels like the dreams will die with you today
but the truth is there all still here and you ain't
purple gang, you gotta pressing on
don't ever give up the dream, dog
i got love for you all
and doody, it's true you bought people together
who never woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you
you were the peacemaker, doody
i know sometimes you were moody
but you hated confrontation and truly hated the feuding
but you were down for yours whenever it came to scrapping
if it had to happen, it had to happen
believe me, i know you're the one who taught me to
throw them balls back on dresden
from making cars to paintballing getting arrested
to sitting across from each other in cells laughing and jesting
they tried to hit us for 5 years for that, no question
i guess them hookers and bums that we shot up
didn't show up for court
so we got off on a technicality, left sweating
me, you and what's his face
i forgot his f cking name
shame he even came to your funeral
he betrayed our team
and if i see him again i'ma punch him in the f cking face
and that's on hallie jade, whitney lane and alaina's name
i let the pistol bang once just to leak a shot in the air
for you and pour some liquor out for you with obie in the parking lot
of 54 just before we were supposed to get in cars
to come and see you once more
difficult as this sounds"
"oh, ayo, dre
i'm discombobulated
let's take 'em back in time i'm discombobulated, discombobulated
miss, you ovulating? wait, i didn't mean to
piss you off, my lady, what i really meant to say is
it goes a little something like this
soon as i'm through with the unisom i'ma hit the snooze alarm
before i lose my mind, who am i gonna use it on?
utilizing this tool, i will execute a line
like what i tried to do one time in my youth when i euthanized
my poodle in junior high, used to hide in my room and fly
to the moon and try suicide with the glue from my school supplies
then proof, denaun
eye kyu and i would climb in that hooptie to ride to drew's and rhyme
bodied saint andrew's hall too many times to count
before i tear up the shelter, give my dawgs a pound
now i'm 'bout to treat all of you rappers noggins how
dre does every time he goes back to compton now
'cause every so often i'll visit my old stomping grounds
and doc's in the house, so you know the bong is out
room is spinning like nine hundred thousand miles an hour
forgot what i'm talkin' 'bout, f***, i'm discombobulated
now up is down, left is right
day is night now, in is out, black is white
so to and fro and side to side
am i coming or going? man, i can't decide
'cause back is forth now and stop means go
no means yes, but yes don't mean no
so baby, please, take off your clothes
 yes!  yes!  no!  oh!  , yeah
just flew the coop, the cops are in hot pursuit
but the day they catch me is the day 50'll call a truce
and quash the feud with him and ja and ja'll actually spit a bar
that's not from a dr. seuss book and they'll start a group f*** it, i'm a kook, i know i got a screw
and a couple of marbles loose, brain is like ramen soup
shout to trugoy, gotta give a de la salute
'cause my noodle's in a knot, call it pasta noose wizard of 'ahs' and 'ohhs'
same marshall bruce in that battle who lost to juice
who also used to sound like nas on ""live at the barbeque""
now i got the juice, wouldn't beef if i was you
like, au jus, but beef, if like
""i was you, "" but, like, ah, f*** you long as i got these walls and these hallways i'm always
have someone to argue with, i'm just all twisted, i'm discombobulated
now up is down, left is right
day is night now, in is out, black is white
so to and fro and side to side
am i coming or going? man, i can't decide
'cause back is forth now and stop means go
no means yes, but yes don't mean no
so baby, please, take off your clothes
 yes!  yes!  no!  oh! 
i'm at my best when i'm at my worst
and for that i'm blessed, so every time i rap i curse
and that's why press, i usually get attacked by first
they're at my neck like motherf***ing vampires
so critics si day i si day the same shi dit, i'm always degrading, little bi ditch
well, fi duck 'em, they can si duck my di d*** when i'm taking shi dit
mid y middle fid inger is ex tid ended now, should i tell 'em where to put it?
i'm si do fed up with it, they ask me dumb shi dit
so i act like i'm on a kayak with my back to niagara
no life jacket, man, i had like six psychiatrists, scientists
misdiagnose me with plaque psoriasis 'cause i asked 'em, ""why is it
my eye itches? "" so they gave me some diet tips
and viagra with side effects, i might end up growing spiderwebs
in my head and dying a horrifying death, on my final breath
i will tell you, apply your lips to my d***, it's one size that fits
i just took an aids test and the doctor said to think positive, what the f***?
now up is down, left is right
day is night now, in is out, black is white
so to and fro and side to side
am i coming or going? man, i can't decide
'cause back is forth now and stop means go
no means yes, but yes don't mean no
so baby, please, take off your clothes
 yes!  yes!  no!  oh! 
haha, yeah
dr. dre
black beethoven
s1
2050, haha
we're out"
"get on yo knees n****, get on yo knees and pray
em, you claim ya mother's a crackhead and kim is a known slut so
what's hailie gon' be when she grows up?
 ah ha! yeah! c'mon!
g g g g g unit! hailie
 what?
 come here baby, bring daddy his oscar
 okay
 we're gonna shove it up ja rule's ass!
i'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple
i'm quick to murder ink with lead and talkin' bout a pencil
lookit what the f*** you done got into
i see you found yo niche, you just a b**** wit a menstrol
claimin' you a murderer and you spelled it wrong
you put 'e' before the 'd' cuz that's all you on
you on pac's d***, you a regular guy
if pac was still alive you would never get by
all you do is cry, b**** keep it real
life is more than imitating n****z and eatin' pills
and kind of muthaf***a ruins three deals
that another n**** got you, they didn't see skills
and i ain't playin', you a brother gettin' cheated
and ja rule be prayin' on his cover cuz he need it
and all you n****z hatin', shut you mouths
it's just that real n****z ain't buyin' that shit y'all put out
do ra mi, but we don't sing muhf***as
so murder inc. do ya thing muhf***as
you've unleashed on a team who expects nothin' less
than r&b comin' from that regime
?? it's a little extreme
neck and necks with soldiers, muhf***in' marines
ja sold his soul to sing
weave eye witness team on the tv screen, chase the greed
now that you've embraced the green
don't f*** with the triple beams
you's a muthaf***in actor slash pac impersonatin' rapper
slash billie holliday how it happen?
artist for repetuar saw him in action
pac assassination def jam grabbed him
told him reinact him, you go platinum
they seen it for sure, i know that afina shakur
don't enjoy jeffery atkins reinactin' her boy
so i'm click clackin' this toy
mash and destroy, shady
aftermath and detroit muthaf***as
do ra me, fa so la ti da
don't blame me cuz you lost your boss's spot
mama say mama sa ma macosa
ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2pac
don't make me, too hot and you're not
shootin' at me, with the only shot you got
ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2pac
you'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop
now we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs
to the greivance and the cryin' and the intimate hugs
we don't take you serious n**** you shook you half of a half way
crook, get off x d***, go sing a hook n****
and you can't replace the late greal one
and when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one
n**** please, stick to the script
before the guns stick to the clip, and benzino you ain't shit
but a b****
f***in' old ass ignorant innocent lookin' senior citizen
built up, slap you like grimace, all sensitive
wait a minute, hold on
is it me or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes
on?
a b**** made man, now how you gonna connect with them short ass
arms like a tyrannasaurus rex?
you n****z can scream holler and curse
go ahead and respond and pull that pen and pad up outta ya
purse
slim did it simple to get at the wankstas
he told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas
what up gotti and this little war you pushed on
but you ?? the ?? for sucking your ??
what's wrong? didn't think we strong with real n****z?
roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
it's real business you ain't caught the concept
you talkin' nonsense to walk and find press
contact was blown by munsetta in the source
threaten at the boss you gon' see me on ya porch
now irv got the nerve to try to serve on us
but detroit n****z ?? and ain't scurred to bust
word to my n**** bugs, punks like you get beat up
stomped unconcious and smacked with the heater
this rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils with d***s so
much that he should be fixed with a vagina
who's behind ya? cadillic pac or that transvestite who dress
like a lil kim fox, her chest like a little windbox
press tight on the trigger of this glock
swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat
you knock pac's songs without love to help you sleep
you got shot in your video tryin mock pac
you 'mockaveli', get your own identity
yeah!
don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again!
f***in' punk p**** little b****!
i'll f*** you up boy!
never! never in your muthaf***in life!
i'll choke the shit outchu little muthaf***in b****!
hailie can whip your muthaf***in ass!
that's right muthaf***as
shay records, whatchu know about it?
f*** benzino, f*** ja rule
n****, this obie triceright here talkin to you muthaf***as
ja rule punk ass... yea!
f***in soul for real ass...
n**** that's soul for real,
that the n**** from soul for real!
candy rain ass n****...
he got a deal now he rappin'
you'ont know what's... f***** ass muhf***as
get money to all my real n****s, man
obie trice, d12, g unit, 50 cent...
hailie jade!!!
daddy is ja rule taller than me?
no honey, you guys are the same size..."
"pssh, man i need a lighter man
right here
yeahhh.. whassup slim?
what's crackin?
hit this shit
ssshhit i almost hit this motherf***er today
psh, is that right?
what is it with motherf***ers thinkin that..
because we're in the spotlight or whatever that..
they can do or say whatever they want to us
and that we won't retaliate
protect my motherf***in self, by any
means, necessary
right?
cause you don't know me, i don't know you
so don't approach me, i won't approach you
and don't insult me, i won't insult you
cause you don't know what i will or i won't do
cause you don't know me, i don't know you
so don't approach me, i won't approach you
and don't insult me, i won't insult you
cause you don't know what i will or i won't do
make no mistake, i'm the golden state heavyweight
bein underrated gave me time to create it
can you relate? i renovate, straight out the gate
carried my weight, but seem to receive nothin but hate
millionaires snatchin crumbs off my little son plate
kidnapped, locked in a trunk, get shot in the face
no hoes, no clothes, no one showin up for my shows
you know how it goes; i might as well kick it at home
but my baby momma hate my guts and can't stand me packed up, moved out, started a new family
so all this strugglin for what, so i can blow up
marry a slut but can't watch my seed grow up?
f*** that, this the f***in thanks i get
for tryin to edutain assholes and feed my b****
yo i feel like my whole life is upside down cause you seein more support than i'm seein my child
it's like..
.. everyday i wake up, another drama
it's a wonder i'm alive, survivin this karma
if i can hold on to my private life for five minutes longer
i might get my wife to let go of this knife and just calm her
without these cameras in our faces like animals
for your channel 2 action news to follow our ambulence up the avenue
and catch a glimpse of all the suicide attempts
and what we do in private since they won't let us put up a fence
and you wonder why i carry every gun under the sun
whether it's unloaded full or an un registered one
no bullet, you're so full of shit
this clip is so full it'll spit if i don't pull it
and don't give me no bullshit i'm not in the mood
i just got in a feud in some parkin lot with a dude
over kim and she just slit both of her wrists over the shit
don't tell me bout the show business shit
i know what this is, b****
cause you don't know me, i don't know you
so don't approach me, i won't approach you
and don't insult me, i won't insult you
cause you don't know what i will or i won't do
cause you don't know me, i don't know you
so don't approach me, i won't approach you
and don't insult me, i won't insult you
cause you don't know what i will or i won't do
this ain't business, this is personal b****
you don't know xzibit from shit, new school, class dismissed
i had a very f***ed up day, i'm needin this fit
shuttin motherf***ers up like they pleadin the 5th
yo em it's time to get serious with it time for everybody to feel it, similar to the egg in the skillet
this is your brain on drugs, xzibit brain on thugs
ain't no neighborhood that's big enough to bang on us
ain't no love lost my n****z, relax yo'self
i'm about to snatch it all and start spreadin the wealth
to my n****z who never seen it i mean it when i holla
at the top of my lungs about my guns and my loved ones
got, tons of ammo to crack your enamel
changin your channel, you played like a f***in piano
ridin slow through cali like i'm ridin a camel
millionaire motherf***ers with their brains in their flannels
i feel like, tony soprano, who do i trust now?
just hit me on my tele' n**** soon as i touch down
spit lines to split spines just to get mine
big behind b****es gettin d*** to spit shine
sniff lines of coke, that's the only shit that make you dope
b**** ass n**** that's droppin the soap
get choked out and beat, put your head in a vise grip
and turn til you motherf***ers tell me the right shit
so do i gotta buy a whole block to myself
a front door with twelve locks
and have a bodyguard walk me out to my mailbox
and everytime somebody makes a threat, run and tell cops?
f*** that, i protect myself with these twelve shots
and one in the chamber, gun in the waist
and one in the ankle, waitin for someone to come to my place
tryin to walk up and knock like these cocksuckers are not
gonna get a shotgun or a glock shoved in their face?
and it's a disgrace hailey can't play with her toys
in the front yard without you drivin by honkin your horn
screamin some shit, leanin out your windows, beepin n shit
or pullin up in my drive like i won't leap in your whip
and so these kids tell their friends and relatives where i live
so my address ends up on the internet again
so then, i do an interview with spin, tellin them
that if someone comes to my crib, i'ma shove a gun in their ribs
and reporters, blow it out of proportion
""oh, now he's pullin guns on his fans
just for tryin to stand on his porch""
and i'm the bad guy, cause i don't answer my door like ""hey hi!
you guys wants some autographs? okay, form a straight line!""
sometimes i feel like loadin this rifle
and climbin the roof at night and hidin outside to snipe you
it's not that i don't like you..
.. it's just that i'm not behind the mic
i'm a person who's just like you"
"feat. eminem, lloyd banks i need you to pray for me i need you to care for me i need you to want me to win
i need to know where i'm heading, 'cause i know where i've been
flows, bones, crushin', it's nothin'
i come up with somethin'
come through your strip, frontin', stuntin'
it's something you want, 745 chrome spinnin'
haters hate that i'm winnin'
man i've been hot from the beginnin'
motherf***ers envy the kid, control your jealousy
'cause i can't control my temper, i'm fittin' to catch a felony
pistol in hand homie, i'm down to get it poppin'
once i squeeze the first shot , you know i ain't stoppin'
till my clip is empty, i'm simply
not that n**** you should try your luck with, or f*** with
hollow tip shells struck you with your bones broken, gun smokin', still locin'
what n****, lay your ass down paramedics get you up feeling
right now i'm on the edge, so don't push me
i aim straight for your head, so don't push me
fill your ass up with lead, so don't push me
i got somethin' for your ass, keep thinkin' i'm p****
i cross my bigger n****, and i didn't cry
to young to understand, the consequences of a man
livin' a lie, i gotta get that money
i'll be damned if i'm bummy
gotta watch my back around these n****s
'cause they frontin' 20 years, of watching my mama's tears
got my heated, heavily weeded
smoking that bomb, cause i need it
these n****s don't want me ballin', they want me buried
thrown in the dirt, from shots flurry
layin' your bugs under my shirt
i got plans to hop up in that hummer
'cause i'm a stunner, i sit back and wonder
when them angels, gonna call my number
under my chest is a heart of a lion
i ain't lying, bounty killers got me flyin'
with my iron, high as a giant
i'm runnin' from nothin', my stomach is touchin'
what i'm clutchin', to give you more than a concussion, end of discussion
my blood is colder, so i'm bolder
and it's either soda, hood on my shoulder
look in the mirror, i see a soldier
these are my ideas
this is my sweat and tears
this is shit that i solved, with my balls, my ears
this is me, who's got to be
what you see on tv, what you hear on cd, what appears easy
man these teenie boopers see me on these magazine covers
in these beanies and these rags, living fantasies
frontin' like it's all fun and games, 'til they shot up bang
when you see your brains hang and you see we ain't playin'
ain't sayin' we ain't layin' down at night and ain't prayin'
i bullied my way in this game, man i'm done playin'
man i'm done sayin' that i'm done playin'
i'm a start layin' into these motherf***ering cocksuckers
there's no way i'm back down, like a god damn coward
i can't, how would i look as man, bowing to his knees
like the mad cow disease, let somebody lash out at me
and not lash back out at 'em, please
oh, whao, yo, ho, hold up, oh no, not me, not marshall
you want to see marshall? i'll show you marshall
i try to show you art, but you just pick it apart
so i see i have to start, showing you f***in' old farts,
a whole other side, i wanted to not show you
so you know you're not dealing with some f***in' marshmallow, little soft yellow
punk p****, who's heart's jello, 'cause"
"these donuts are delicious
son of a b****!
we got a 10 94 on hines road, requesting backup
repeat, 10 94 on hines road heading southbound
i'm in pursuit!
pick up, pick up, daddy's in the pickup
got so much bounce the kick drum give me the hiccups
you don't want it with me, sucker, just look up
beer flyin' in this mothaf***a like bird shit
ran these mickey thompsons up on the curb, b****
crook as a picture on sunday
my maniac slumerican squad mount up around your hyundai
chevy's up, we got low lives and bow ties
up shit's creek, i'll take you for a boat ride
stick his head in the water, now let him flap his lips
motormouth, make a wave, yeah, roll tide
you're playin' golf in lightning? so am i
dressed in a tin man suit
drinkin' a tin can too, that is 110 proof
man if i only had a heart for you b****es
i'd get down on my knees and help you dig them ditches
but mama only raised hell
so when you're done diggin' that ditch, b****, bury yourself
pass me that colt 45
i'm partyin' 'til my f***in' throat sore and dry
i'm goin' down
aww man you gotta love it
i'm on my way
hey mama, all around the town they're sayin'
""he's goin' down, lord have mercy""
i'm country rich, no budget
got to get paid
hey daddy, all around the town they're sayin'
""he's goin' down, lord have mercy""
you drivin' drunk, better lift your seat up
cause cops pull us over just to f***in' meet us
cause marshall's a rap god, damn right
well, then i guess that makes me jesus
so turn this water to whiskey
watch the dirty south go from dirty to filthy
high class only means stoned in school
joints rolled up bigger than pony stool
smoke, stains on the roof of the old regal's brown
so what i got spokes on this b****, and?
the lift kicks like climbin' into a spaceship
ufo's, unidentified flyin' oldsmobiles
and mobile homes, amen
i can still smell the kerosene leakin'
i should've seen the signs, i was blowin' up
either in a trailer home or a pickup
hey, bubba, your baby boy is in big trouble
i f***in' ran through a briar patch and got cut up
now i'm wide open in front of the whole town
i bled for the game, i guess it's obvious now
i'm goin' down now, he told me wear it with pride
you wanna take the hard road you gotta cherish the ride
most mothaf***ers won't jump to embarrass the fly
can't build a legacy up, then let it perish and die"
"dr. west: morning marshall.
eminem: morning doc.
dr. west: so we're discharging you today, how are you
feeling?
eminem: uh anxious.
dr. west: anxiety...
eminem: well, anxious to get home, anxious to get back
into the world... nervous 
dr. west: nervous? come on marshall, you're a big boy
now... sounded like a bit of a baby, you can do this.
you found a sponsor yet?
eminem: no um, not yet but when i get ba 
dr. west: well if you find one, you find one, if you
don't, you don't.
eminem: well yeah, i mean i got to start going to
meetings first and  wait, what?
dr. west: well, i mean you don't absolutely have to go
to meetings, i mean it's not like... a requirement...
if they fit into your schedule, i know you're a busy
person.
eminem: well yeah but... i thought sobriety was the
most important thing 
dr. west: so what else are you thinking?
eminem: um, well i know i got to start practicing the
steps and, i mean learn them and start being able to
apply them 
dr. west: the steps...
eminem: yeah, the steps?
dr. west: there's alot of them aren't there?
eminem: well, 12 but 
dr. west: christ, i don't even know them all.
eminem: really...
dr. west: anything else?
eminem: um, well i mean the only other question i have
is, like what do i do if i find myself in the situation
where maybe somebody's drinking around me or something
like that, and i get tempted to 
dr. west: take a drink.
eminem: what?
dr. west: take a drink! and you know, and... take the
edge off.
eminem: take the edge off? man if i have a drink, i
already know what that's going to lead me to...
dr. west: what, you mean these?
eminem: now what the f***!?
dr. west: marshall, what's the matter darling? having
some doubts are we?
eminem: oh no, no, no come on man!
dr. west: marshall, you can't beat me, you'll never
beat me marshall, we'll always be together marshall.
marshall! marshaaaaall!
eminem: oh f*** you man... no! no! no!
nooooooooooooo!... oh shit."
"yeah boy,
better ring the alarm boy,
dem know its coming boy,
oh my god, f cking bomboclat
i’m hard as kenard, the little boy who shot omar in the wire,
tie a whore up with barbed wire, nothing but a broad boy,
i’m the real deal, and char broiler on the bonfire
and bon voyage b****, i’m like chef boyar 
 dee in this b****; send a bomb to my moms lawyer
im a problem for ya, boy you think your tom sawyer,
til i pull you out the f cking story book and stomp on ya,
f cking fictitional characters and fariytales,
prepare yourself for captain america on ferris wheels,
but it aint fiction its fact boy beware its real
them lyrics you wield equals zero to a hero’s shield
mr fly by the seat of his pants parasail
or hit the trampoline bounce and grab a pair of stilts,
and i aint wearing zilch, zip, zero, nothing, no nada,
like your fa da f cking ya mada
drop the bomb on em,
please don’t drop the bomb on me,
shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
drop the bomb on them,
i dont want no dog gone beef,
see aint no reason to set the dogs on me,
drop the bomb on em,
please don’t drop the bomb on me,
shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
drop the bomb on em
i dont want no dog gone beef,
see aint no reason to set the dogs on me,
boy, im the real mccoy,
you little boys can’t even fill voids,
party’s over kids, kill the noise,
here come the killjoys,
me and dre steel alloys,
the rap crown royals,
that scalp cowboys
now how that sound for ya
yeah boy you know we about to put it down for ya,
so kick your shoes off,
before you have a sound voyage,
and siyanara see ya f ckers tommorow,
get some r and r and marinate in some marinara,
and have a coke and a smile, dont make me open a jar,
whip ass on ya, thats the last straw your hoping to draw,
yeah you fresher than most boy, i’m just doper than all boy,
i’m that boy boy, them boys them no up to par
i just show up go up to the stage and blow up the spot,
there aint no boy who can do what i do boy im a star,
boy, i told you boy, im a soldier boy, im deshaun,
holten in this b tch, im the proof boy your a fraud,
i destroy you boy, f ck around and blow ya to sod
oh my god boy, you didn’t go there, no you did not,
i got a whole story board for you, boy your da plot,
your gettin got whether you try to avoid it or not,
apology not accepted boy, detroit is a rock,
we get to beefing, aint no telling at what point it will stop,
all i got to do is point to the spot,
when the bomb drops boy does it drop,
and when it does boy there’s a problem,
boy dont jinx yourself,
boy i’m michael spinks with the belt,
stringer bell boy, my name rings bells for itself,
i’m sick as hell boy,
you better run and tell someone else,
bringin hell boy, sing them telegrams and get dealt
and to that boy who done said it …,
who said he was better,
lyrics courtesy of killerhiphop.com
i bet he never seen freddie in a black and red little sweater,
back better than ever,
the chedder shredder the grater the beef grinder
i’ll settle vendettas a little later,
giving haters incubators, think ya made a mistake,
by saying shady was ghost, i ain’t even close to the gate
you bout a foot in the grave, stay put and behave
im bout to turn this f cking place to beirut in a day
so hey wouldn’t you say im the sh t,
couldn’t agree with ya more fuel to say to my f cking sh t doesn’t stink,
shady f cking aftermath boy the ship doesn’t sink it just floats int he f cking water
til we fill up the tank,"
"i got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes
hate in my heart, love in my mind
i seen nights full of pain, days of the same
you keep the sunshine, save me the rain
i search but never find, hurt but never cry
i work and forever try, but i’m cursed, so nevermind
and it’s worse, but better times seem further and beyond
the top gets higher the more that i climb
the spot gets smaller, and i get bigger
tryna get into where i fit in, no room for a *****
but soon for a ***** it be on, mu’f***a
‘cause all the bullshit, it made me strong, mu’f***a
so i pick the world up and i’ma drop it on your f***in’ head
b****, i’ma pick the world up and i’ma drop it on your f***in’ head
and i could die now, rebirth motherf***er
hop up in my spaceship and leave earth, motherf***er
i’m gone
motherf***er, i’m gone
i know what they don’t wanna tell you
just hope you’re heaven sent, and you’re hell proof
i i walk up in the world and cut the lights off
and confidence is the stain they can’t wipe off
huh, my word is my pride
but wisdom is bleak, and that’s a word from the wise
served to survive, murdered and bribed
and when it got too heavy i put my burdens aside
so i could pick the world up and i’ma drop it on your f***in’ head
b****, i’ma pick the world up and i’ma drop it on your f***in’ head
and i could die now, rebirth motherf***er
hop up in my spaceship and leave earth, motherf***er
i’m gone
motherf***er, i’m gone 
it hurts, but i never show this pain you’ll never know
if only you could see just how lonely and how cold
and frostbit i’ve become, my back’s against the wall
when push come to shove, i just stand up and scream “f*** ‘em all”
man, it feels like these walls are closing in this roof is caving in,
up its time to razor thin your days are numbered like pagers and
my book of rhymes, got ‘em cookin’, boy, this crooked mind of mine
got ‘em all shook and scared to look in my eyes i stole that f***in’ clock, i took the time and i
came up from behind and pretty much snuck up and butt f***ed this game up
better be careful when you bring my name up, f*** this fame, that ain’t what
i came to claim but the game ain’t gonna be the same on the day that i leave it
but i swear one way or another i’ma make these f***in’ haters believe that
i swear to god, won’t spare the rod i’m a man of my word, so your f***in’ heads better nod
or i’ma f*** around in this b**** and roast everybody!
sleep on me, that pillow is where your head’ll lie
permanently, b****, it’s beddy bye, this world is my easter egg, yeah! prepare to die
my head is swole, my confidence is up, this stage is my pedestal
i’m unstoppable, incredible, hope you’re trapped in my medicine ball
i could run circles around you so fast your f***in’ head’ll spin, dawg
i split your cabbage and your lettuce and olives i’ll f***in’
pick the world up and i’ma drop it on your f***in’ head
b****, i’ma pick the world up and i’ma drop it on your f***in’ head
and i could die now, rebirth motherf***er
hop up in my spaceship and leave earth, motherf***er
i’m gone
motherf***er, i’m gone "
"girl: yea......whoooo...shit
hmmm, whoaaa, hmm ...
guess what?
i ain't coming in yet, i'll come in in a minute
aiyo, this is my love song. it goes like this....
back when mark walhberg was marky mark
this is how we used to make the party start
we used to...mix in with bacardi dark
and when it... kicks in you can hardely talk
and by the... sixth gin you gon probly crawl
and you'll be... sick then and you'll probly barf
and my pre ...diction is that you gon probably fall
either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall
and every ... things spinnin your beginning to think women are swimmin in
pink linen again in the sink
then in a couple of minutes that bottle of guinness is finished
you are now allowed to officially slap b****es
you have the right to remain violent and start wildin
start a fight with the same guy that was smart eye'n ya
get in the car and start it and start drivin
over the island and cause a 42 car pile up
earth calling, pilot to co pilot, looking for life on this planet sir, no
sign of it
all i could see is a bunch of smoke flyin and i'm so high that i might die if
i go by it.
let me out of this place i'm outta place, i'm in in outter space, i've just
vanished without a trace.
i'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow, i'll be back in an
hour or so.
cuz every time i go to try to leave someone keeps pullin on my sleeve i dont wanna but i gotta stay these drugs really gotta hold on me cuz everytime i try ta tell 'em no they won't let me ever let 'em go i'm a sucker all i gotta say is drug's really gotta hold on me
in third grade all i used to do, was sniff glue through a tube and play rubix
cube
seventeen years later i'm as rude as jude schemein on the first chick with the hugest boobs
i got no game, and every face looks the same
they got no name, so i don't need game to play
i just say whatever i want, to whoever i want, whenever i want, wherever i
want, however i want
however i do show some respect to few
this ecstacy has got me standin next to you
gettin sentimental as f***, spillin guts to you
we just met, but i think i'm in love with you
but your on it too, so you tell me you love me too,
wake up in the morning like ""what the f*** we do?""
i gotta go b****, you know i got stuff to do, cuz if i get caught cheatin
then i'm stuck with you
but in the long run these drugs are gonna catch up sooner or later
but f*** it i'm on one, so let's enjoy, let the ex destroy your spinal chord,
so it's not a straight line no more
so we walk around lookin like some wind up dolls, shit stickin out of our
backs like a dinosaur,
shit, six hit's won't even get me high no more, so bye for now, i'm gonna try
to find some more
chorus
that's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow when you swallow it all
wallow and drown in your sorrow
and tomorrow your probably gonna wanna do it again
what's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend, screw it
and whats a little bit of alcohol poisoning? and whats a little fight,
tomorrow you'll be boys again
it's your life, live it however you wanna
marajuana is everywhere, where was you brought up?
it don't matter as long as you get where you're goin
cuz none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin
they tell you to stop but you just sit there ignorin, even though you wake up
feelin like shit every mornin.
but your young, you got a lot of drugs to do, girls to screw, parties to
crash, sucks to be you
if i could take it all back now i wouldn't, i woulda did more shit that
people said that i shouldnt
but i'm all grown up now, and upgraded and graduated to better drugs and
updated
but i still gotta a lot of growin up to do, i still gotta whole lot of
throwin up to spew
but when it's all said and done i'll be forty before i know it wit a 40 on
the porch tellin stories
with a bottle of jack, two grandkids on my lap, babysitting for hailey, while
hailey's out gettin shmashed.
chorus x 2
drugs really gotta hold on me
really got a hold on me
drugs really gotta hold on me
they really got a hold on me"
"oh, all around the world,
theres an echo
as he takes a bow
and they all know all the girls, the boys
they chase the noise
through the highs and through the lows
they will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
they will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
i can hear them calling, calling, calling, calling, calling
i eat rappers with the rhyme, consume ‘em
the only f cking thing that you consume is time
im super human, my world is like a rubiks cube
its too complex girl, you assuming, cupids looming
my mentality's caveman stupid woman
my life is truman show, all i have is music hoe
i stopped chasing every chick under the sun many moons ago
so pretend my d*** is a balloon and blow
cause you better put a fork in it if you think i'mma lay here just spooning yo
oh you think you the shit 'cause i just said you was beautiful
diabolical, till the last molecule, down to my last hair folicle and cuticle
rhyming to the call, to the  all the way down to my sock and the hair on my toe
learn how to sew, so shut my own booty hole
cause i aint took no sh t since i looked down to my nuts and saw my first pubic grow
i told these stupid hoes when i come back i'mma set this b**** on fire
and this time i mean imma pour gasoline on some chick and light her
cause this time muthaf ckers i'm put my whole god damn d*** inside her
i aint even put my tip in that hoe yet
ima go get tip and try to rip it wider
oh, all around the world,
theres an echo
as he takes a bow
and they all know all the girls, the boys
they chase the noise
through the highs and through the lows
they will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
they will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
classical palms
battle my own demons
i need a glass of patron
bad as i need a horn
stabbing my clavicle bone
im at it or prone
first time i seen a dessert eagle
i was letting the 44 buss
the 44 pop
first time you seen one, you was eating coco puffs
looking at robocop
i'm not a man, i'm a logo, i'm sustain
in order to clean my things you need saline
im never refering to the solution
i'm talking about more like the mustang
vroom
get respect from the get go, hello
set to the echo, pyscho
pen got a mind of its own, gotta write my rhymes with a timer otherwise
i'll probably vibe out to a nine minute song
as the echo follows the maserati
as the petrol swallows,
im a thousand bodies away from a skeleton
check your bible inside it, it will say this guys an elephant
i'm fly like i'm, killing the scene like i'm a villain with wings
i'll sleep when i'm 6 feet deep,
right now i'm living a dream
though we may be reckless
the ladies check us
they whisper shady records
baby echo
oh, all around the world,
theres an echo
as he takes a bow
and they all know all the girls, the boys
they chase the noise
through the highs and through the lows
they will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
they will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo"
"hook
there once was a saying that i used to say
back in the day when i met dre
i used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend proof
that if i went gold, i'd go right through the roof
he said ""what if you went platinum"", i'd just laugh at him
that's not happening, that i can't fathom
eighty something million like it's worldwide,
later i'm living in a house with a f***ing elevator
verse 1
haters getting mad, they done had enough of shady
you slay me, nothing you say matters enough that you shame me
rappers try to play me, they use hailie as a ukulele
woopsa that a f***ing daisy
that's an honour who even she knows dada's f***ing crazy
f***ing animal, cookoo, bananas, f***ing av
maybe it's because i never had a mother raise me
f*** around and throw a baby at another baby
you may think it's cause of the way that i was brought up
but it's all caught up to me now, palm is in the waters
every line i ever said has got me in a corner
you might think it doesn't creep upon ya, but it all does
you wouldn't listen man, i tried to warn ya when you started
now your brains all horny cause of all the shit you thought of
chainsaw slaughters turn your daughters into sawdust
i never thought it'd come to this, i outta just be honest but
hook
there once was a saying that i used to say
back in the day when i met dre
i used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend proof
that if i went gold, i'd go right through the roof
he said ""what if you went platinum"", i'd just laugh at him
that's not happening, that i can't fathom
eighty and some million records worldwide later
i'm living in a house with a f***ing elevator
verse 2
sorry lance, mr. lambert and aiken ain't gonna make it
they get so mad, when i call them both fake it's
all these f***ing voices in my head i can't take it
someone shut that f***ing baby up, 'for i shake it
you're standing adjacent to jason's last slut, they're facing
together makes 'em, a f***ing bad combination
i lashed at the doctor in my last operation
shoved the weiner snitzel up his ass, hopped away some 
body please stop the patient, get the cops to mase him
homie, i'm the shizer, pass doctor dre some
i can't leave the game, i just can't walk away son
no not a now, not a chance, not today son
i can't believe i leave for one breif second
you p**** queef all over the rap game, naked
and use a leaf to wipe up the crap stains, feck it
i just keep saying the same exact saying, check it
hook
there once was a saying that i used to say
back in the day when i met dre
i used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend proof
that if i went gold, i'd go right through the roof
he said ""what if you went platinum"", i'd just laugh at him
that's not happening, that i can't fathom
eighty and some million records worldwide later
i'm living in a house with a f***ing elevator
verse 3
elevator in my house, i'll smell ya later
i blew the f*** up, a hamster in a microwave i
think about an escalator now, steps, i hate 'em
told the neighbor step away, then i just pepper sprayed 'em
yeah, for every time you ride down the street
or hideout, drive by my house and beep
like now motherf***er, try now to sleep
lie down motherf***er, try countin' sheep
and you're tryna find out, why now there's beef?
mase in your face b****, cry now p****
this is my house, all nine thousand feet
so you can suck my d*** with amy winehouse's teeth
then i shove 'em in the elevator, take 'em to the top
stand above em,just to cut the f***ing cable, let 'em drop
walk an hour to the damn refrigerator, get a pop
while i let 'em fall all the way to the basement yelling stop!
hook
there once was a saying that i used to say
back in the day when i met dre
i used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend proof
that if i went gold, i'd go right through the roof
he said ""what if you went platinum"", i'd just laugh at him
that's not happening, that i can't fathom
eighty and some million records worldwide later
i'm living in a house with a f***ing elevator
outro
f***ing son of a b****, i can't believe this shit
this must be all that there is, this must be it
f***in a even got a potato
wash my ass after i shit with gold toilet paper
dishwasher's so big, when i'm pissed off
i can just toss a flying saucer in it
this shit's awesome, yeah, f***ing elevator
living in a house with a f***ing elevator"
"paul, yo, um
so i got your message
i wish you would answer the f***in' phone
um
turn right
no, i don't plan to reply to everybody
who f***in' says something f***ed up about me
but i will say this, i was reading some comments last night about, like, what people are f***in' saying about revival
and uhh
yo, this yahoo mother f***er, whatever the f*** his name is, said i, literally said i rhymed ""rhymes"" with ""chimes""
""sucker free, confidence high
such a breeze when i pen rhymes""
turn right
like, you don't understand i'm rhyming the entire f***in' sentence you f***in' moron
it's my fault 'cause you're f***in' stupid
but i swear to god this motherf***er lives in michigan and i think i figured out his address
and i'm on my way to his f***in' house right now
turn left
i'll hit you back later"
"aye yo paul, it's em
i got your call about the michael jackson thing
and i know that he's not 'thrilled' about the video
what does he 'wanna be startin' somethin'?'
well i'll show him who's really 'bad'
paul, 'the way you make me feel' with these calls
you should really take a look at the 'man in the mirror'
and tell him to 'beat it' because i 'won't stop till i get enough'
do you 'remember the time' we were watching the 'billy jean' video?
well he'll always be that michael to me
and it doesn't matter if he's 'black or white'
because i 'can't stop loving him' and i hate plastic surgeons
and i hope they all f***ing die!
how do you like that?
and i like him, i like him a lot
i want to touch him but i can't
excuse me, i'm taking a shit
sorry
anyways, call me back
i have this idea about how i want to end the show
so, hit me when you get this message f***er
oh, and by the way
no i don't have a new gun "
"i'll spit a racial slur honkie sew me
this shit is a horror flick but a black guy doesn't die in this
movie
i'll do it the lotto style you gotta be kiddin
that makes me believe you really dont have an intrest to live in
you think these n****s gonna feel the shit you say
i got a better chance joining the kkk
for some real shit though i like you
thats why i didn't want to be the one you commit suciside to
f*** lotto call me your leader
i feel bad that i gota murder that dude from leave it to beaver
i used to like that show now you got me in fight back mode
but oh well if you gotta go then you gotta go
i hate to do this i would love for this shit to
last so i'll
take pictures of my rear end so you wont forget my ass
and alls well that ends ok
so i'll end this shit with a f*** you and have a nice day
word, i think you were a little hard on the beaver
so was eddie haskle, wallie, and ms. cleaver
this guy keeps screaming he's paranoid
quick someone get his ass another steroid
rob bidi bli blob de rob bidi blo blob
i ain't hear a word you said
hipidi hoo bla
is that a tank top or a new bra
look snoop dogg just got a f***in boob job
didn't you listen to the last round meat head
pay attention, you're sayin the same shit that he said
matter fact dogg heres a pencil
go home write some shit make it suspensful
and don't come back untill something dope hits you
f*** it you can take the mic home with you
looking like a cyclone hit you
tank top screaming lotto i dont fit you
you look how far these white jokes get you
boy's like how vanilla ice gonna diss you
my motto f*** lotto
i'll get the seven digits from your mother for a dollar tomorrow"
"yo! turn that click offâ€¦
my music is theraputic
but its also provin
that it can put you in the mood to
jump out your car while it's movin
you been waitin' on this moment
my sermon is like a omen
i'm servin' i'm erick sermon
i saw the window was open
and i jumped through it
my shit if you don't get pumped to it
i quit, here's my rhyme book
go ahead and thumb through it
and pick what you want from it
rummage,and find something
you can use to jump someone
and roll up bumpin
i'm constantly copin' over you
squattin', shit has gotten to the point
where i ain't even writin' no more, i'm just jottin'
this is chicken scratch, shit is sickenin'
i've been kickin' ass off bullshit
throwaway rhymes, pick a batch
i live for the love of rap, you crazy
ive made beats for jay z for free
page me, you need a beat, you cannabis
then it's dre's fee, you kay slay the fees waved
i stay beefin' with jd, till the day dre 2 ways me
that it's okay to stop blazin' him
oops! i put it out, i apologize now
it's too late g, it's on tape
and the tape leaped, ""say what you say"" mothaf***a
drama king, kay slay, mothaf***a, we dictate these mixtapes mothaf***a
xzibit blaze little g** midget cocksucka"
"artist: tony touch f/ eminem
if i'm elected for ten terms
i'm renewing the staff after the inagural
and hiring all girls as interns
if i don't like you, i'll snatch you outta your mic booth
while you're rappin and pull your right through the window and fight you
i'll take you straight to the pavement
uppercut you, and scrape your face wit a bracelet
like a razor that shaved it
three drinks and i'm ready to flash
runnin on stage in a g string, wit a bee sting on my ass it's probably all cuz i ain't awkward at all
i just like to walk through the mall, stop, and talk to the wall
and have a relapse after i just fought through withdrawl
the bad and evil movement is comin
plus the music is pumpin like a pill freak wit a tube in his stomach
i write a rhyme a day
so it's no wonder how come your whole album
is soundin like a bunch of shit that i would say
whether it's one verse or one letter
i'll probably be the cleverest one that never gets spun ever
it's slim shady and tony touch, it's only us
the rest of y'all are just stuck in the middle wit monie love"
"met a retarted kid named greg, with a wooden leg
snatched it off and beat him over the head with a peg
go to bed with a keg, wake up with a forty
mix it with alka seltzer and formula 44 d
forget an acid tab i'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead
wait until it absorbed and fell to the floor dead
no more said case closed end of discussion
we blowing up like spontaneous human combustion
leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and dramas
cross the bombest
we blowing up your house
killing your parents and coming back to get your foster mommas
i'm as good at keeping a promise as nastradamus
cause i ain't making no more threats
i'm doing drive bys in tinted corvettes
on vietnam war vets
i am more or less sick in the head
maybe more
because i smoked crack today, yesterday,
and the day before sabateur
walk the block with a labrador
strapped with more straps than el salvador
foul style galore
verbal cow manure"
"eminem vs. lickety [
lickety split]
this guy's a choke artist
ya catch a bad one
your better off shootin yourself
with papa doc´s handgun
climbin up this mountain your weak
ill leave you lost without a paddle
floatin shits creek
you ain't detroit, im the d
your the new kid on the block
bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks
f***in nazi, this crowd ain't your type
take some real advice and form a group with vanilla ice
and what i tell you, you better use it
this guy's a hillbilly, this ain't willie nelson music
trailor trash, ill choke you to your last breath
and have you lookin foolish
like cheddar bob when he shot himself
silly rabbit, i know why they call you that
cause you follow future like you got carrots up his asscrack
and when you actin up thats when you got jacked up
and left stupid like tina turner when she got smacked up
ill crack your shoulder blade
i'll smack you so hard
elvis start turnin in his grave
i dont know why they let you out in the dark
you need to take your white ass back across 8 mile
to the trailor park
this guy raps like his parents jerkin
he sounds like erick sermon, the generic version
this whole crowd looks suspicious
its all dudes in here, except for these b****es
so im a german, eh
thats ok, you look like a f***in worm with braids
these leaders of the free world rookies
lookie, how can 6 d***s be pussies
talkin bout shits creek
b****, you could be up piss creek
with paddles this deep
your still gonna sink
your a disgrace
yeah, they call me rabbit
this is a turtle race
he can't get with me spittin this shit
wickedly lickety shot
spick spickety split lickety
so im gonna turn around with a great smile
and walk my white ass back across 8 mile"
"eminem vs. papa doc 
now everybody from the 313
put your muthaf***in' hands up and follow me
everybody from the 313
put your muthaf***in' hands up
look look
now while he stands tough
notice that this man did not have his hands up
the free worlds got you gassed up
now who's afraid of the big bad wolf
1, 2, 3 and to the 4
1 pac , 2 pac, 3 pac, 4
4 pac, 3 pac, 2 pac, 1
you're pac, he's pac, no pac, none!
this guy aint no muthaf***in mc
i know everything he's got to say against me
i am white
i am a f***in bum
i do live in a trailer with my mom
my boy future is an uncle tom
i do got a dumb friend named cheddar bob
who shoots himself in the leg with his own gun
i did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
and wink did f*** my girl
i'm still standin here screamin f*** the free world!!
don't ever try to judge me dude
you don't know what the f*** i've been through
but i know something about you
you went to cranbrook that's a private school
what's the matter dawg? you embarrassed?
this guy's a gangsta his real name's clarence
and clarence lives at home with both parents
and clarence's parents have a real good marriage
this guy don't wanna battle he shook
koz there aint no such thang as half way crooks!!
he's scared to death
he's scared to look at his f***in yearbook f*** cranbrook
f*** ah beat i go acapella
f*** a papa doc, f*** a clock, f*** a trailer, f*** everybody
f*** y'all if you doubt me
i'm a piece of f***ing white trash, i say it proudly
and f*** this battle
i don't wanna win
i'm outty
here tell these people sumin they dont know about me"
"shady, aftermath
g g g g, g unit!
cause we came here to set this party off right
let's bounce tonight
and if they don't let us in through the front
we'll come through the side
cause i don't ever wanna leave the game without
at least saying goodbye
so all my people on the left, all my people on the right
scream one last time
get your ass up for the doctor, one more time
get your ass up for the doctor, come on now
here we go, cliff hanger, it's another club banger
got you hanging on the edge of your seat, get on down
times up, game's over, you lose, i win
bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
look who's got you going crazy again
i'm a trend, i set one every time i'm in
i go out and just come back full circle again
you a fad, that means your something that we already had
but once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad
you're off the map now, radar can't even find you
we stay on the grind, you slip, we out grind you
you walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
we walk around just playing the violin behind you
enough with all the pissing and moaning
whining and b****ing
sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
why ten multi platinum albums later, three diamond
worldwide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbing
when dr. dre say crunk, you will get it crunk
and when 50 cent says jump
you get on one foot and jump
the buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
i don't gotta promote it for you to know
that doc is off the benches
(we keep the party rocking off the hinges
we ain't showing off, we just going off popular consensus)
but critics say that doc is soft, doc is talk
doc is all washed up, knock it off
who the f*** is doc impressing?
doc is this, doc is that, you got the wrong impression
you must be on the cock of doc
cause doc left you all guessing
so dj take the needle and just drop it on the record
we gon' have this mutherf***er hopping in a second
that's why we always save the best cut last
to make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass
cause we done swam with the sharks
wrestled with alligators
spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap
maybe raised to be racist
who may have never got to see our faces
grace the cover of rolling stone pages
broke down barriers
of language and races, just call on the caped crusaders
and leave it to me and dre to pass the mic
and we can play the, back
and forth all day like the hot potato game
that's why we came to
50 cent, come on!
bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
we make the club jump everywhere we go
it's no secret, everybody know
when dre's involved, there's plenty money involved
and plenty honey's involved, the sunny sundays
and palm trees cali, every day it's just another party
from the valleys, all the way to them 8 mile alleys
(let's rally, hands up for the grand finale
now raise up out your seat, dre is about to speak
blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week)
you could catch me in the studio banging out the beats to
provide you with the heat
that keep blazing out your speaker
so never say never cause shady aftermath together
along with g unit records presents
the return of the... the doc no one could do it better, we tear the club up
and leave without a shred of evidence and uh
yeah, still aftermath, 2006
and don't worry 'bout that detox album
it's coming, we gon' make dre do it
haha!
50 cent, g unit, obie trice, d twizzy, stat quo, dr. dre
we ain't leaving, let's go!
ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for coming out, peace!
oh shit, i almost forgot, you're coming with me
bye bye! "
"pussies
fall in and get quoted yall
yeah
it's cashis
welcome to the shady game
g's up
obie went plat
and he back with another classic
50 went diamond
smashed twice bastards
d 12 multi back to back
eminem, kapow, the hottest sellin artist in rap
stat quo the mixtape messiah
in the phantom
about to run the a
when we drop statlanta
bobby creek
you know his motherf***in' name n****
bobby creek
he in the motherf***in' game n****
i'm cashis
mixtape is a classic
ep is a classic
lp is that shit
dark park
money and all
but much more
told me go all out
serve 'em all homeboy
i'm a west n****
a midwest n****
i'm the best n****
cause we the best n****s
from street team to gm
to vp
the shady crime family
this rap family is a dream team
we took a break for a minute
and now we bangin'
but we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
and now we comin' for everybody who hatin'
from 06 through in...
everything is shady
we took a break for a minute
and now we bangin'
but we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
and now we comin' for everybody who be hatin'
from 06 through in...
everything is shady
kill the cash hard
bout to smash frauds
puttin' fast broads
through the rampart
i can handle narcs
when the candle sparks
you hit the ground
and i snatch the bandanamark
we ridin' out the park
it's shady game n****
hope ya bulletproof
fat f*** lame n****
know who i'm talkin' to
glad ya man did
you bout to get it too
rest with your fam man
this a cold game
played by the coldest man
everything ya see
it's not, the seven fo' k
the son of cocaine
new for my dope, man
plus i'm holdin' weight
cause i'm the dopeman
a west coast gangsta
chi town gold
interstate runner
watch me drive a brick through
and we ain't backin' down
way past rappin' now
right before my album drop
my homeboys'll clap you down
we took a break for a minute
and now we bangin'
but we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
and now we comin' for everybody who be hatin'
from 06 through in...
everything is shady's
we took a break for a minute
and now we bangin'
but we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
and now we comin' for everybody who be hatin'
from 06 through in...
everything is shady's
a born winner
similar, to me familiar
county hound comin' to burn your whole city up
i catch you up in the club
empty the 5th on ya
you all know it's p****
by vivica
i'm the realest n****
ya wanna mob with me
if you a dealer n****
you can get blocks from me
i hand rocks and jeans
socks and cream
glocks and things
to mark seven
throw 6
got with the team
now i'm on the scene
streets and outwit the team
bein' a celebrity bring me more b****es
in a position to watch by more stitches
and place at the end of the plots
i hold n****s
figures
urban greases, peace is not
last week to a point a police was shot
and if n****s wanna know what i been bout lately
n**** take it how ya want it b****
rap with shady
we took a break for a minute
and now we bangin'
but we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
and now we comin' for everybody who hatin'
from 06 through in...
everything is shady
we took a break for a minute
and now we bangin'
but we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
and now we comin' for everybody who hatin'
from 06 through in...
everything is shady
everything is shady's
up from the west coast
and the midwest c.a. dawg
cashis
boast boy
block boys
we pioneerin' this
in the race to be legends
nah, cashis!
tie die
i'm a shady gangsta n****, gangsta n****, sta n****, a n****, igga, ga, a."
"lord please forgive me for what i do
for i know not what i've done
chorus
father please forgive me for i know not what i do
i just never had the chance to ever meet you
therefore i did not know that i would grow to be
my mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds
momma had a baby and it's head popped off
my momma don't want me, the next thing i know i'm gettin' dropped off
ring ring ring, on the doorbell and the next door neighbors on their front porch
but they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone else's lawn
till somebody finally took me in, my great aunt and uncle edna and charles
they were the ones who were left in charge
my elementary they gang up on me and sang this song
it go a little something like
""mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb
debbie had a satan spawn, satan spawn
momma why do they keep saying this i just don't understand, understand
and by the way, where's my dad?""
chorus
predominantly, predominantly, everything's always predominantly
predominantly white, predominantly black
but what about me, where does that leave me
well i guess that i'm between predominantly both of 'em
i think if i hear that f***in' word again i'ma scream
while i'm projectile vomiting, what do i look like, a comedian to you?
do you think that i'm kidding?
what do i look like some kind of idi...
wait a minute, shit, don't answer that
why am i so misunderstood?
why do i go through so much bullshit, it sucks bullshit, it's just mo' b****
woe is me, there goes poor marshall again
whining about his millions and his mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin' in
from the dad he never had, and how his childhood was so bad
and how his mom was a dope addict, and his ex wife how they go at it
man i'd hate to have it, as bad as that mr. mathers claims he had it
i can't imagine it, that little rich poor white bastard
needs to take some of that cash out the bank and take a bath in it
man if i only had half of it... if you only knew the half of it
chorus
evil deeds, while i plant these evil seeds
please release me from these demons
i never had any of this shit planned ma, please believe
i don't wanna be satan's spawn, never got the chance to say i'm sorry
now look at all the pain i caused
dear santa clause, why you not comin' this year again
what did i do that was so bad to deserve this
everything could have been so perfect
but life ain't a fairytale, i'm about to be hoist up in the air
forty feet below me, there's people everywhere
i don't even know what it feel like, they know me 'cause i'm in this ferris wheel
and all i wanna do is go to the mall and take hailie on the carousel
without this crowd everywhere i go
but life is like a merry go round
here we go now, doe see doe, now curtains up, the show must go
now ring around the rosie, the shows over, you can all go home now
but the curtain just don't close for me
this ain't how fame is supposed to be
where's the switch i could just turn off and on, this ain't what i chose to be
so please god, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on
till i pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, myself is gone
father please forgive me for i know not what i do
i just never had the chance to ever meet you
therefore i did not know that i would grow to be
my mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds
i said father please forgive me for i know not what i do
i just never had the chance to ever meet you
therefore i did not know that i would grow to be
my mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds
oh!
last one baby
let's go
detroit!"
"yeah, trying to figure out the difference
but i think... i think the lines are starting to get blurry
i'm in a strange place
i feel like mase when he gave up the game for his faith
i feel like i'm caged in these chains and restraints
grinning every stranger in the place while i gaze into space
cause i'm mentally rearranging his face
i need a change of pace cause the pace
i'm working at is dangerous
there's nowhere to dump this anger
and thanks to this angst
i done quit chicken heads in cold turkey
and started slowly roasting 'em
cause that's where most of my anger is based
f*** your feelings, i feel like i play for the saints
i just want to hurt you, aim for the skanks
then aim for all these fake kanye's, jay's, wayne's
and the drake's
i'm frustrated cause ain't no more n'sync
now i'm all out of whack
i'm all out of backstreet boys to call out and attack
i'm going all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is
i'm strapped for battles
suck a duck, crawl out the back, bar fight
prepare your arsenal and beware of bar stools
flying through the air
and bottles breaking, mirrors also
and i ain't stopping 'til the swear jar's full
you done called every woman a slut
but you forgetting sarah, marshall
oh my bad, slut
and next time i show up in court i'll be naked
and square a lawsuit
judge be like '' that's sharp, how much that motherf***er cost you?
smart ass, you lucky i don't tear it off you
and jmp your bones, you sexy motherf***er
you so f***ing gravy, marshall, i should start calling you ""au jus""
cause all you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo
evil twin, take this beat now, it's on you''
i believe people can change, but only for the worse
i could've changed the world if it wasn't for this verse
so satanic k mark panic
cause they can't even spin back the curse words
cause it works when they're reversed, motherf***er
and these kids are like parrots
they run around the house just like terrorists
screaming ''f***, shit, f***''
adult with a child is like arrogance
wild ever since the day i came out
i was like ''merits, f*** that''
i'd rather be loud and i like swearing
from the first album even the gals were like
''tight  , screamy eyes''
but my f***ing mouth was nightmare ish
and from the start of it you felt like you were a part of this
and the opposition felt the opposite
sometimes i listen and revisit them old albums
often as i can and skim through all them b****es
to make sure i keep up with my competition
 of beats, hoarder of rhymes
borderline genius who's bored of his lines
and that sort of defines where i'm at and the way i feel now
feel like i might just strike first and ignore the replies
there?s darkness closing in there it goes again ,
it controls my pen ,
but that ain?t me, it?s my evil twin
but he?s just a friend ,
who pops up now and again so don?t blame me blame him, it?s my evil twin
welcome back to the land of the living, my friend
you have slept for quite some time
so who's left? lady gaga? mess with the bieber
nah, f with christina, i ain't f***ing with either jessica neither
simpson or alba, my albums just sicker than struck with the fever
get the chloraseptic, excedrin, aleve or extra strength tylenol 3?s
feel like i'm burning to death, but i'm freezin'
bed ridden and destined never to leave the
bedroom ever again like the legend of heather ledger
my suicide notes, barely legible read the
bottom, it's signed by the joker
lorraine said i never can leave her
she'd sever my wiener i ever deceive her
f*** that shit, b****
give up my d*** for p****, i'd be jerry mathers
i'd ever left it to beaver
get them titties cut off trying to mess with a cleaver
golly wally i bet he registered jesus
ever since 1 9 9 4 6 dresden it was definitely my destiny
when on the steps i met deshaun at osborn
i'd never make it to sophomore
i just wanted to skip school and rap, used to mop floors
flip burgers and wash dishes while i wrote rhymes trying to get props for 'em
'cause i took book smarts and swapped for 'em
they were sleeping, i made them stop snorin'
made them break out the popcorn
now i've been hip hop in its tip top form
since n.w.a. was blaring through my car windows leaning on the horn
screaming ""f*** the police"" like cop porn
flipped rap on its ear like i dropped coin
f*** top 5, b****, i'm top 4
and that includes biggie and pac, whore
and i got an evil twin, so who the f*** you think that's 3rd and that 4th spot's for?
and crazy as i am i'm much tamer than him
and i'm nuts, then again who the f*** wants to plain eminem?
but no one's insaner than slim, look at that evil grin please come in, what was your name again?
hi, f*****
look who's back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there
two rabbits, a koala bear and a ball of hair
and you're all aware i don't got it all upstairs
guess that's why i'm an addict and it's just small up there
peace to whitney, geez, just hit me
that i should call the loony police to come get me
'cause i'm so sick of being the truth i wish someone?d finally admit me
to a mental hospital with britney
oh, lmfao, no way, ho
jose baez couldn't beat this rap, oj no
hooray, i'm off the hook like casey anthony
hey ho, hey ho
i sound like i'm trying to sing the f***ing chorus to hip hop hooray
no, i'm hollering, you got bottom in like an 8 0 8
and a base whether we're f***ing of that instead of your face, so
let your low end raise, yo
tango, what you think, ho?
slow dancing in the bowling
you trying to hold hands with your homie?
what? you think i'm looking for romance 'cause i'm lonely?
change that tune, you ain't got remote chance to control me
hoe, i'm only vulnerable when i got a boner
superman tried to f*** me over, it won't hurt
don't try to fix me, i'm broke so i don't work
so are you, but you're broke 'cause you don't work
but all bullshit aside i hit a stride
still shady inside, hair every bit is dyed
as it used to be when i first introduced y'all to my skittish side
and blamed it on him when they tried to criticize
'cause we are the same, b****"
"chorus
arghhh, arghhh argh arghhhh i'm gonna f***in' cum fack, fack, fack i am, i'm going to cum 
i never seen no shit like this
this b**** can twist like a damn contortionist
condom on my d***? of course it is
this b**** don't know what abortion is
so i can't cum in her, f***s like a porn star, looks like jenna
f*** i'm gonna, cum i think my rubber's cummin' off
but ohh it's so f***in' wet and soft
f*** i'm gonna start lettin' off
i'm squirting, and she's not gettin' off, and she's on top
i'm gonna f***in', ohh god
oh don't do that, don't stop
stop don't, i don't mean don't stop
oww wait a minute ah ah f***, i'm gonna f***in' cummmmmm
chorus
oh wow, boom plat pow, ewww owww, i need a cigarette now
oh i'm so f***in' hot, and you're so f***in' hot
oh my god i wanna f***in' fack, no not f***, i said fack
f.a.c.k., f.a.c.k., fack, fack, fack, fackin' freak me
oh yeah girl see baby, they call me mr. freaky
let's call your sister three way
have some threesome me so horny
and you're such a f***in' babe
i wanna go down on you, f*** you shave
oh god damn, here i go again, i'm gonna cum, i am!
chorus
okay i'm done, i already came twice
you ain't gonna make me cum
i'm all out of gas, not so fast
argh your finger just went in my ass
oww that hurts, take it out now
ohhh wait a minute now
put it back in, in, in, in
this don't mean i'm g**, i don't like men
i like boobs, boobs, boobs
now see that gerbil, grab that tube
shove it up my butt, let that little rascal nibble on my asshole
aww yeah, right there, right there, ughh i'm cummin', ohhhh yeah
fack i just came again, okay pull it out now
oh f*** yeah, wait he's not out
he's still crawling around up there
oh f*** i think it's stuck, oh but it feels so f***in' good!
chorus
shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube ewww ewww ewww ewwww"
"you know, everybody's been tellin' me
what they think about me for the last few months
it's too loud
maybe it's time i tell 'em what i think about them
can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs
from the parking lot
it's too loud
freeze my crown all up in it
slow fire
don't fall on my face
don't fall on my faith, oh
don't fall on my fate
don't fall on my faith, oh
don't fall on my fate
don't fall on my
gotta concentrate, against the clock i race
got no time to waste, i'm already late
i got a marathoner's pace
went from addict to a workaholic
word to dr. dre, in that first marijuana tape
guess i got a chronic case and i ain't just blowin' smoke
'less it's in your momma's face
i know this time paul and dre
they won't tell me what not to say and though me and my party days
have all pretty much parted ways
you'd swear to god i forgot
i'm the guy that made ""not afraid""
one last time for charlamagne
if my response is late, it's just how long it takes
to hit my f***in' radar, i'm so far away
these rappers are like hunger games
one minute, they're mockin' jay
next minute, they get their style from migos
or they copy drake
maybe i just don't know when to turn around and walk away
but all the hate, i call it ""walk on water"" gate
i've had as much as i can tolerate
i'm sick and tired of waitin', i done lost my patience
i can take all of you motherf***ers on at once
you wanted shady? you got him!
don't fall on my face don't fall on my faith, oh
don't fall on my fate don't fall on my faith, oh don't fall on my fate 
somebody tell budden before i snap
he better fasten it
or have his body bag get zipped
the closest thing he's had to hits is smackin' b****es
and don't make me have to give it back to akademiks
say this shit is trash again, i'll have you twisted
like you had it when u thought you had me slippin' at the telly
even when i'm gettin' brain
you'll never catch me with a thot
lackin' with it, ""he ain't spittin' like this on his last shit""
ho, you better go back and listen
you know me better, thinkin' i'll slow or let up
call it trap 'cause it's a total setup
hopin' that you rappers fall in that
dre said, ""hold your head up! ""
kathy griffin stackin' ammunition
slap the clip and cock it back on competition
this is how i shot ahead gabby giffords, my attack is vicious
jack the ripper, back in business
tyler create nothin'
i see why you called yourself a f****t, b****
it's not just 'cause you lack attention
it's because you worship d12's balls
you're sack riligious
if you're gonna critique me, you better
at least be as good or better
get earl the hooded sweater
whatever his name is to help you put together some words
more than just two letters
the fans waited for this moment
like that feature when i stole the show
sorry if i took forever 
don't fall on my face don't fall on my faith, oh don't fall on my fate don't fall on my faith, oh don't fall on my fate 
just remember i was here before you
and i'll be here after you make your run in for you
detractors, i might have to f*** pitchfork with a corkscrew
just what the doctor ordered
revenge is the best medicine
increase the dose, from least to most
then tell the grammys to go and f*** themselves
they suck the blood from all the biggest artists
like some leeches
so they nominate 'em, get 'em there
get a name to mc the show
every parasite needs a host
then give album of the year
to somebody that no one's ever even heard of
all i know is i wrote every single word
of everything i ever murdered
time to separate the sheep from goats
and i got no faith in your writers, i don't believe in ghosts
when rap needed it most, i was that wing in the prayer
a beacon of hope, the b i r d in the air
somewhere, some kid is bumping this
while he lip syncs in the mirror
that's who i'm doin' it for, the rest i don't really even care
but you would think
i'm carryin' a oxford dictionary in my pocket
how i'm buryin' these artists
on a scale of 'turnt' you're 'minus'
mine says 'very', yours says 'hardly'
and what's scary is you probably
can compare me to your car
'cause i'm just barely gettin' started
and far as lord jamar, you better leave me the hell alone
or i'll show you an elvis clone
walk up in this house you own, thrust my pelvic bone
you should telephone and go fetch me the remote
put my feet up and just make myself at home
i belong here, clown, don't tell me 'bout the culture
i inspired the hopsins, the logics, the coles, the
seans, the k dots, the 5'9""s, and oh
brought the world 50 cent, you did squat, piss and moan
but i'm not gonna fall… b****!
it's too loud
can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs
from the parking lot
it's too loud
threes not a crowd all up in it
slow fire"
"fame, fame, fame
i think it's got me goin' crazy
ohhhohhh
i get lost in this game, game, game
i'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
ohhhohhh
keep speaking my name, name, name
you gon' have reason to hate me
yeahhhheahhh
it's like. you. don't. want. me to win
so. this. time. i'm goin' in!
this the life of a rocker
gave ya minds a vodka
hoppin' off of the club's balcony
into the crowd, surfin'
and when they drop me, i'm randomly sockin' fans
and when my interviews in hockey masks,
slap the journalists on they ass
i'm high off speed,
drivin' my car at high speed
pocket full of weed, while lesbians swallow e
i'm in the studio, envy
my h & m, gon' call for me
cause i fell asleep on the soundboard, ain't get us off a week
so let's  all up in my head
get 'em back ungrateful dead
bustin' in the air, with 30 b****es up in my bed
i'm kickin' 'em out naked, and this december
just ask me why i did it, well f*** it i can't remember
fame, fame, fame
i think it's got me goin' crazy
ohhhohhh
i get lost in this game, game, game
i'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
ohhhohhh
keep speaking my name, name, name
you gon' have reason to hate me
yeahhhheahhh
it's like. you. don't. want. me to win
so. this. time. i'm goin' in!
some boys are wyllin
drinkin', cussin', and hyper smilin'
been ridin' for days, tour bus look like ryker's island
hand me jack daniel's, spray paintin' the die hard fan
little cocker spaniel, fresh out of the damn zoo
man you, better be conscious, i'm backstage
livin' it up, with a couple of sluts feelin' nautious
we're drinkin' it's been a couple of days, since i've slept
my d*** is sore from f***in', when i bust there's nothin' left
just dust, back on the stage, give me my microphone
scrappin' with the audience as we perform hypersong
our label presented us with a plaque
brought it on stage, and bashed it to pieces with an aluminum bats,
stanks
now which one of you b****es down for the cause
yeah i said my d*** is sore but i ain't say shit about my balls
i asked  then we off to the next city, yeah
whatever i didn't drink, all my rider bag it up and take the rest with me
fame, fame, fame
i think it's got me goin' crazy
ohhhohhh
i get lost in this game, game, game
i'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
ohhhohhh
keep speaking my name, name, name
you gon' have reason to hate me
yeahhhheahhh
it's like. you. don't. want. me to win
so. this. time. i'm goin' in!
yeah this game has got me goin' crazy
f*** it, i am crazy
what's new, what kinda f***in' glue you'd think i'd be if i was glue
we lost proof, he was our crew's glue
but where was you, when we were fallin' apart
you were sittin on us too
but no one but us knew we were beefin'
cause that's what happens when you beef with crew
it stays in the crew, cause it's just crew
but we're back now, yeah we took our time while our blood grew
only thing we're in a hurry for now is to rush you!
and we're back, these days if you don't got the guts or the nuts to
p****, go pick your p**** leaves off your c*** tree, f*** you
ahh choo!
bless you! i'm allergic to p****, sluts too
yeah, you think you the shit, till we flush you
have some bullshit to readjust
to now there are just a few of us left, but it'd be unjust to rob us our just due
so rest in peace to bugz and proof
this one's for you homies, we love you
but we can't stop now we done had too much of our blood drew from this...
fame, fame, fame
i think it's got me goin' crazy
ohhhohhh
i get lost in this game, game, game
i'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
ohhhohhh
keep speaking my name, name, name
you gon' have reason to hate me
yeahhhheahhh
it's like. you. don't. want. me to win
so. this. time. i'm goin' in"
"ricky racks
for what it's worth
you were a slut at birth
if the world had a d***
you'd f*** the earth
i tried to get over you
it doesn't work
you're still a c***
i'm still a f***ing jerk
same as it ever was, yeah
say it'll change but it never does
ain't gonna ever 'cause
you're the cause of my pain and the medicine
never met someone
who played games with my head as much
fate tethered us together like two felons
must've fell in love with skeletons
everyone's got 'em
thought that you were cinderella but feels like i slept with the  wicked stepmother
but how the hell am i
still in love with the motherf***ing chick
there's at least a million of?
they say love the one you with
but this shit is killing us
our love's on some other shit
i'm a glutton for punishment
you're the gloves, i'm the punching mitts
it's above and beyond us
cuffing, i'm shoving the girl i love inside of an oven
if i catch you sucking another d***
you better unsuck it
you snuck in the crib and tried to jump
under the covers again
why am i tucking you in?
probably 'cause
i gotta tell myself another lie
'cause that's what helps to get me by
'cause i'm in hell
this is my goodbye, farewell
wanna hold you, wanna choke you, wanna love you
wanna hate you, wanna kill you, wanna hurt you
wanna heal you, yeah
wanna lose you, keep you, bruise you
beat, abuse you, treat you mutual
it's juvenile, delusional, as usual
you're beautiful, i'm average i'm brutal, you're a savage
my ride or die chick
who's always cruising for a bruising
yeah, it's kinda like we're tryna light a dynamite stick
though we might get along like shit
fight, hit, bite, spit, unite, split
yeah, you're awful, but you're mine
and they say love is blind, we see each other fine
but it's no wonder i'm the only one you'll find to put up with your shit i need a plumber line but nothing comes to mind besides the number 90 'cause since '06 you flipped my f***ing life, upside down
now the sky's ground, look at my frown, it's a smile now
look at my mouth, it's my eyebrows, make it rain upwards
we're on that ninth cloud, two insane lovebirds
i should fly south
'cause man am i great, ain't lyin' to myself
but i'm just plain stubborn, i'm audi five thou'
but this is my house, b****, you get out
then we duke it out, then it dies down
then we say, ""f*** it"", cry our eyes out
then
i gotta tell myself another lie
'cause that's what helps to get me by
'cause i'm in hell
this is my goodbye, farewell
this relationship is all that it's cracked up to be
never lack lust in that 'cause we act nuts
'cause that's what attracts us
trick you with a back rub
tell you to relax then dump your ass in the bathtub yeah, now that's love, may sound pathetic
but f*** the world 'cause they out to get us
i love you but i won't exchange vows
hey now, don't get carried away
no way i'll get married, it'll take a rain cloud to wed us
yeah, but we're so insane ‘bout each other
may take the same route and way out as junior seau
break out berettas
lay down in bed and blow our brains out together
who knows how it's gonna play out?
or whether death's what our ending will be
one of us shot in the back while attempting to flee
but i‘ll go to bat for you, defending your honor
yeah, no contingency fees, something we're not, nah
we're not pretending to beef
don't cost a penny to be with me
time we're spending is free, we could be broke as a joke
won't make a difference to me
don't have to give me a thing
could've been a 50 cent ring
from out of a vending machine
love unconditionally, there's no other fish in the sea
guess i'm a prisoner, see, addiction is a disease
i gotta tell myself another lie
'cause that's what helps to get me by
'cause i'm in hell
this is my goodbye, farewell
love you girl, do you feel the same?
i don't wanna play games, no games, ah
you're the only one that can out my flame
baby, just play it straight, straight, no games, ah"
"first verse, uh
i'm on 'til i'm on a island
my life's ridin' on the autobahn on autopilot
before i touch dirt, i'll kill you all with' kindness
i kill ya, my natural persona's much worse
you've been warned if you've been born or if you can form
slap up a cop and then snatch 'i'm out of his uniform
leave him with' his socks, hard bottoms and bloomers on
and hang him by his balls from the horn of a unicorn
y'all n****s' intellect mad slow, y'all f**s know
claimin' you bangin', you flamin'
bet you could light your own cigarette witcha asshole
me and shady deaded the past
so that basically resurrected my cashflow
i might rap tight as the snatch of a fat dyke
though i ain't wrapped tight
my blood type's the '80s!
my '90s was like the navy, you was like the bradys
you still fly kites daily!
catch me in my mercedes
bumpin' ""ice, ice baby, "" screamin' shady 'til i die
like a half a pair of dice, life's crazy
so i live it to the fullest 'til i'm swayze
and you only live it once, so i'm thinkin' 'bout this nice, nice lady
wait, no, stop me now 'fore i get on a roll let me tell you what this pretty little dame's name is
'cause she's kinda famous
and i hope that i don't sound too heinous when i say this
nicki minaj, but i wanna stick my penis in your anus!
you morons think that i'm a genius
really i belong inside a dang insane asylum, cleanin',
try them trailer parks
crazy, i am back, and i am razor sharp, baby
and that's back with' a capital b with' an exclamation mark, maybe
you should listen when i flip the linguistics
'cause i'm gonna rip this mystical slick shit
you don't wanna become another victim or statistic of this shit
'cause after i spit the bullets
i'm a treat these shell casings like a soccer ball
i'm a kick the ballistics! so get this d***, i'm a live this
livin' life in the fast lane
movin' at the speed of life and i can't slow down
only got a gallon in the gas tank
but i'm almost at the finish line, so i can't stop now
i don't really know where i'm headed, just enjoyin' the ride
just gon' roll 'til i drop and ride 'til i die
i'm livin' life in the fast lane i'm livin' life in the fast lane 
my whole goal as a poet's to be relaxed in orbit
at war with' a bottle, this captain morgan attacks my organs
my slow flow is euphoric, it's like i rap endorphins
i made a pact with the devil that says ""i'll let you take me
you let me take this shovel, dig up the corpse, jack kevorkian""
go 'back and forth in more beef that you can pack a fork in
i'm livin' the life of the infinite enemy down
my tenement, too many now, to send my serenity powers
spin 'em around, enterin' in the vicinity
now, was called eminem, but he threw away the candy and ate the rapper
chewed him up  and spitted him out
girl, giddy up, now get, get down
he's lookin' around this club and it looks like people are havin' a shit fit now
here, little t t trailer trash, take a look who's back in t t town
did i s st stutter, motherf***er? f*** them all, he's just
a whole motherf***in' walmart d d down every time a r r round
and he came to the club tonight with' 5'9? to hold this b**** down
like a motherf***in' chick underwater, he tryna d dr drown
shawty, when you dance, you got me captivated
just by the way that you keep lickin' them d***s like lips,
i'm agitated, aggravated
to the point you don't suck my d***, then you're gonna get decapitated
other words, you don't f***in' give me head, then i'm have to take it
and then after takin' that, i'm a catch a case, it's gon' be fascinatin'
it's gon' say ""the whole rap game passed away"" on top of the affadavit
graduated from master debater slash massive masturbator
to michael jackson' activator 
meanin' i'm on fire off the top, might wanna back up the data
runnin' over hip hop in a verbal tractor trailer
homie, this sick, you can normally ask a hater
don't it make sense, these shell casings is just like a bag of paper
drop in the lap of a tax evader 
now make that ass drop like a sack of potatoes
what, girl, i'm the crack a lator
brung ya lay to this party, be my penis ejaculator later
tell you boyfriend that you just struck paydirt
you rollin' with' a player, you won't be exaggeratin' when you sayin'
livin' life in the fast lane
movin' at the speed of life and i can't slow down
only got a gallon in the gas tank
but i'm almost at the finish line, so i can't stop now
i don't really know where i'm headed, just enjoyin' the ride
just gon' roll 'til i drop and ride 'til i die
i'm livin' life in the fast lane life in the fast lane 
pedal to the metal
pedal to the metal, metal, metal
crédito: le0sousa"
":
keep on going you just gotta fight it,
keep on going cause it's not too late,
you can't back down, you can't back down.
keep on going you just gotta fight it,
keep on going cause it's never too late,
you can't back down, you can't back down.
:
if i could capture the rage of today's youth and bottle it
crush the glass from my bare hands and swallow it
then spit it back in the faces of you racists
and hypocrites who think the same shit but don't say shit
you liberace's, versace's, and you nazis
watch me, cause you thinking you got me in this hot seat
you motherf***ers wanna judge me cause you're not me
you'll never stop me, i'm top speed as you pop me
i came to save these new generations of babies
from parents who failed to raise 'em cause they're lazy
to grow to praise me i'm makin 'em go crazy
that's how i got this whole nation to embrace me
and you fugazi if you think i'ma admit wrong
i cripple any hypocritic critic i'm sic'd on
and this song is for any kid who gets picked on
a sick song to retaliate to, and it's fight music!
:
keep on going you just gotta fight it,
keep on going cause it's not too late,
you can't back down, you can't back down.
keep on going you just gotta fight it,
keep on going cause it's never too late,
you can't back down, you can't back down.
:
they say out of sight is out of mind
and 9 times out of 10 me and out of pocket out of line
you do it big everybody that you out shined
then your old lady fate talk about how he got fine
she say she trying to get away
he say about time
right now we all thinking damn hope it not mine
but when its lights out for you and you locked down
ain't not telling whether or not your lady when and got down
with that n**** cross town cause he hot now
ripping up your love letters, lifting up her night gown
right now somebody baby moma gettin piped down
kids in the next room listening, ima pipe down
the thought hurt don't it
but maybe she strong enough
for ain't get that lonely cause you wasn't gone long enough
true
it's just a temporarily setback
it's on when i get back , like yeaah
:
keep on going you just gotta fight it,
keep on going cause it's not too late,
you can't back down, you can't back down.
keep on going you just gotta fight it,
keep on going cause it's never too late,
you can't back down, you can't back down."
*paper folding/tearing*
"another day, another hotel, the inside of it's nice though
oh well, this is my life so
as i go and try to close for the nights show
see how far that line goes
still blows my mind show
business i'll never get some of this shit just always gives a weird
to this day cause all i ever did
was just say the shit i'm the one that wanted to hear
other people say to me when i was a kid
son please don't make me some type of hero
cause i will say some inspirational shit in a real way
but will still have a field day with some of the
f***ed up shit in the world and tell it to suck the d***
cause i still make fun of a situation
someone's in like a son of a b****
at anothers expense, i'm f***in' relentless
as f*** when it comes to this pen
i struggle with coming to my senses
stuck on the fence on a balance beam if i seem unbalanced
it's challenging but my conscience allows me to think
the most foulish childish things without even blinking
without even thinkin' about, all the stinkin' amounts of people that seem to be reachin' in the crowds
i'm scream in the palace, sold out this evening
but now it's, maybe down to sleeping
is it really my soul to keep or
have i sold it cheap is it greed
do i take more than i need
when i joke about leavin'
but keep over achievin'
because whats stolen from me barely broke even
it's a fine, fine line
it's a fine, fine line
so i notice how i paint myself
and through my hair when ordeals i'm so vain
i want my respect but ignore the
butterfly effect that comes from my dialect
till i, sit in the dark and i reflect
and my reflection shows what it's like here
cause this vanity, surrounded by all these lights yeah
it's like a nightmare
i said, this vanity surrounded by these lights is a nightmare
and i don't like how i see myself so i
open the bible to isaiah cause
i swear to christ there are nights where
i stay up at night just to say a prayer twice
just to make sure god hears cause this ice layer
ice skate on tonights where
put in it but i like stands
feistier then a triceritops and like a dice player
i got a nice pair of dice here
sealed off in my lair
away from the bullshit good safe place to sit and talk shit
from this house it's quite big, but it ain't when you can't leave it
and i feel so isolated, nice i made it
but it's like i payed the price of fame twice i hate it
so i b**** about my life then make another song, it's a cycle ain't it
then i wonder why i'm still famous
keep walkin' the line
this gold fish poke it's old
but especially when you don't know
if your conscience is sayin' i told you so
you don't even know anymore if you got the soul of a soldier
or if you sold your soul
and from here you look so small
hovering high above us all
please come back, to me
i still remember the times when
they were simpler than the rhymes of
vanilla ice were when i was just killin' the mics
i'll never forget what that feeling was like
god, i miss those times now when i was just starting out
without a diamond, now i'm diamond
i can't even stage dive in the crowd anymore now when i've been
stuck in this house hibernate
hate even going outside it
sucks, sometimes i just wanna walk in target and look at shit browse, i don't even want to buy nothin'
i just wanna f***in' walk around inside it
look how excited, i sound when i get to talkin' bout life and
everything about it i miss
which now reminds me
put a thousand lighters in the sky for the outsidaz
wow, i must have had alzheimers
long time since i shouted them out, bout time
cause it's been on my mind lately how
zee you always supported me
you vouched, i will never forget that and
how you guys, accepted me for me and pace
i love you too, you slept on my couch
and i been thinkin' bout the time i slept on the floor at the outhouse
rhyming is all we ever wanted to do
and regardless how life has turned out
inside i'll always be an outsider
my life has been turned inside out but i"
"intro:   ""shady!""
  ""that's me""
  ""iron mic trilogy""
  ""back...with the flyest material""
  ""sh....sh....shady!""
  ""that...that.....that's me""
  ""iron mic trilogy""
  ""back with the...funky...beats""
mr. eon:
packing the third eye rush you it's cyclopse
they trade in their high tops for night sized withe rocks
words in my right, they pass my left ear
it's solid decked out write the books for next year
bear this grenade you got stuck like virgin
who that cat splurgin' instead or rehearsin?
tough guy, dj travi your high rise
looking more like ronald then the f***in fry guys
go on uptown f***ing senoritas
in taco bell screaming ""vivas gorditas!""
bring all your dogs i give em rabies
they never had a chance i might chew up all their babies
pope john paul the second, brain like satan
have your beaten girlfriend cooking up bacon
i'm obituite with that shit that you hit
slow my flick with ya cause mine to pick wit her
eminem:
my nine is limpin ya six deep when i spray rounds
hit you with 12 shots in mid air and four more on the way down
the eight straight strays to a kid's hair on the playground
you lay down on a stretcher no pun intended, snapped out of your whip
and leave it un attended before i whip out this gun and hit it
unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute
cause i can leave your infinite full of those even if someone's in it
snap the airbag, hit the corner and park it
you wanted a market, i got her tied up in a chair and gag
b****es get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged
like cave women, while i'm grave diggin' with marilyn man
mr. eon:
if you got a bowl of hash better cash it
dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit
eminem:
and if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone
i'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'm gonna detach it
mr. eon:
if you got a bowl of hash better cash it
dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit
eminem:
i'm flabergasted off two tabs of acid
threw my baby's mother in a nap sack and latched it
mr. eon:
yo, ""eon's whack now"", how you dig that?
couldn't get on my record if you were street rap
get the greater rate with these rhymes i be totin'
let's go back online and jerk off on your modem
i got stupid mucus from these loose lips
my loose leaf leave your whole persona weak
to the point when you stand up on your feet  best retreat
let's go back in time and steal my whole seed
the quickening, did a ?briss? at the crispening
i'm exercisin', to uplifting the foot stage
this thing's the nicest, i keep telling you
what the f*** this guy on the corner been selling you?
eminem:
i'm e mailing you, at the wrong website
mispelling you, break you and put the fear of hell in you
escape above you, stuff the nurse in a purse
disperse like i added too many words in a verse
slim shady, a perverted virgin at birth driving off, leaving the murdered virgin at church
the first person searching the earth for the motherf***er
that pulled the plug when they shoulda alerted the surgeon first
you don't curse and hit with your own words
leave me alone b****! i get on my own nerves
and if i don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up
then i'm takin' off both shoes and stickin' each middle toe up 
mr. eon:
if y'all got a bowl of hash better cash it
dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit 
eminem:
and if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone
i'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'm gonna detach it
mr. eon:
so if you got a bowl of has better cash it
dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit
eminem:
i'm flabergasted off two tabs of acid
threw my baby's mother in a hatch back and latched it
eminem:
any disease out there i'm willing to catch it....
slim shady.....all praises
to the high & mighty
:
  ""slim shady""
  ""naughty rotten rhymer""
  ""mr. eon""
  ""illest rhyme dropper""
  ""slim shady""
  ""naughty rotten rhymer""
  ""mr. eon""
  ""illest rhyme dropper""
  ""slim shady""
  ""n....nau..naughty...ro..ro..rotten rhyme....rhyme..rhy..rhymer""
  ""mr. eon""
  ""illest rhyme drop...drop..drop..dro..dro..rhyme dropper"""
"it may not mean nothing to y'all
but understand nothing was done for me
so i don't plan on stopping at all
i want this shit forever man
ever man, ever man
i'm shutting shit down at the mall
and telling every girl she the one for me
and i ain't even planning to call
i want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
last name ever
first name greatest
like a sprained ankle boy
ain't nothing to play with
it started off local
but thanks to all the haters
i know g4 pilots on a first name basis
and your city faded off to brown, nino
she insists she got more class, we know!
swimming in the money come and find me, nemo
if i was at the club
you know i ball, kimo
drop the mixtape that shit sounded like an album
who'd have thought a country wide tour would be
the outcome
labels want my name
but sign x like malcom
everybody got a deal, i did it without one
yeah n**** i'm about my business
killing all these rappers
you would swear i had a hit list
everybody who guided me is asking for forgiveness
if you ain't been a part of it at least you got to
witness, b****es
it may not mean nothing to y'all
but understand nothing was done for me
so i don't plan on stopping at all
i want this shit forever man
ever man, ever man
i'm shutting shit down at the mall
and telling every girl she the one for me
and i ain't even planning to call
i want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
ever ever mr. west's in the building
ain't no question who about kill'em
i used to have hood dreams
big fame, big chains
i stuck my d*** inside this life until that b**** came
i went hard all fall like the balls teams
just so i can make it rain all spring
y'all seen my story my glory
i had raped the game young
you can call it statutory
when a n**** blow up
they can build statures of me
old money benjamin button, whaat, nuttin
now superbad chicks giving me maclovin
you would think i ran the world
like michelle's husband
you would think these n****s would know me
when they really doesn't
like they was down with the old me
no you f***ing wasn't
you're such a f***ing loser
he didn't even go to class bueller
trade the grammy plaques just to have
my granny back
remember she had that bad hip
like a fanny pack
chasing that stardom would turn you into a maniac
all the way in hollywood and i can't even act
they pull their cameras out
and god damn they snap
i used to want this thing forever
y'all can have it back
it may not mean nothing to y'all
but understand nothing was done for me
so i don't plan on stopping at all
i want this shit forever man
ever man, ever man
i'm shutting shit down at the mall
and telling every girl she the one for me
and i ain't even planning to call
i want this shit forever man ever man, ever man
ok, hello is the martian
space jam jordams
i want this shit forever wake up
and smell the garden
fresh then the hardest
step up to the target
if i had one guess than i guess i'm just new orleans
and i will never stop like i'm running from the cops
hop up in my car and told my chauffeur to the top
life is such a f***ing roller coaster then it drops
but what should i scream for this is my theme park
my minds shine even
when my thoughts seem dark
pistol on my side you don't wanna hear that thing talk
let the king talk check the price and pay attention
little wayne that's what they got to say or mention
i'm like nevada in the middle of the summer
i'm resting in the lead i need
a pillow and a cover
schhhhhhh, my foot is sleeping on the gas
no brake pads no such thing as last
it may not mean nothing to y'all
but understand nothing was done for me
so i don't plan on stopping at all
i want this shit forever man
ever man, ever man
i'm shutting shit down at the mall
and telling every girl she the one for me
and i ain't even planning to call
i want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man
there they go, back in stadiums
as shady spits his flow
nuts they go, can't contain me
and they go so balistic whoa
he can make them look like bozos
he's wonderin if he should spit this slow
f*** no, go for broke, his cup
just runneth over oh no
he aint had a buzz like this
since the last time he overdosed
they have been waiting patiently
for pinnochio to poke his nose
back into the game and they know
rap will never be the same as before
bashin' into the brains of these hoes
and establishin' a name as he goes
the passion and the flame is ignited
you can't put it out once we light it
this shit is exactly what the f***
that i'm talking bout when we riot
you dealin' with a few true villians whose staying
inside of the booth truth spillin'
and spit true feelings until our tooth fillings
come flying up out of our mouths now rewind it
payback muthaf***a for the way that you got at me
how's it taste? when i slap the taste
out of your mouth with the bass so loud
that it shakes the place
i'm hannibal lecter so just in case
you was thinkin of savin face
you aint gonna have no face to save by the time
i'm through with this place so drake
it may not mean nothing to y'all
but understand nothing was done for me
so i don't plan on stopping at all
i want this shit forever man
ever man, ever man
i'm shutting shit down at the mall
and telling every girl she the one for me
and i ain't even planning to call
i want this shit forever man, ever man, ever man"
"y'all know me, still the same o.g., but i been low key
hated on by most these n****z wit no cheese, no deals and no g's
no wheels and no keys, no boats no snowmobiles, and no ski's
mad at me cause i can finally afford to provide my family wit groceries
got a crib wit a studio and it's all full of tracks to add to the wall full of plaques
hangin up in the office in back of my house like trophies
did y'all think i'ma let my dough freeze? hoe please
you better bow down on both knees
who you think taught you to smoke trees?
who you think brought you the oldies?
eazy e's, ice cube's, and d.o.c's
the snoop d o double g's
and the group that said mother ""f*** tha police""
gave you a tape full of dope beats
to bump when you stroll through in your hood
and when your album sales wasn't doin too good
who's the doctor they told you to go see?
y'all better listen up closely
all you n****z that said that i turned pop, or the firm flopped
y'all are the reason that dre ain't been gettin no sleep
so f*** y'all, all of y'all; if y'all don't like me, blow me!
y'all are gonna keep f***in around wit me
and turn me back to the old me
chorus: eminem nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got somethin to say
but nothin comes out when they move their lips;
just a bunch of gibberish
and motherf***ers act like they forgot about dre
so what do you say to somebody you hate or anyone tryin to bring trouble your way?
wanna resolve things in a bloodier way? then just study a tape of n.w.a.!
one day i was walkin by, wit a walkman on, when i caught a guy
give me an awkward eye and strangled him off in the parkin lot, wit his karl kani
i don't give a f*** if it's dark or not
i'm harder than me tryin to park a dodge
when i'm drunk as f***
right next to a humungous truck in a two car garage hoppin out wit two broken legs, tryin to walk it off
""f*** you too b****, call the cops!""
i'ma kill you and them loud ass motherf***in barkin dogs
and when the cops came through me and dre stood next to a burnt down house
wit a can full of gas and a hand full of matches
and still weren't found out from here on out it's the chronic 2
startin today and tomorrow's the new
and i'm still loco enough
to choke you to death wit a charleston chew
slim shady   hotter then a set of twin babies
in a mercedes benz wit the windows up
when the temp goes up to the mid 80's
callin men ladies; sorry doc but i been crazy
there's no way that you can save me
it's okay, go with him hailey 
chorus
if it was up to me, you muh'f***ers would stop comin up to me
wit your hands out lookin up to me, like you want somethin free
when my last cd was out, you wasn't bumpin me
but now that i got this little company
everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
but you won't get a crumb from me
cause i'm from the streets of i told em all   all them little gangstas
who you think helped mold 'em all?
now you wanna run around talkin bout guns like i ain't got none
what you think i sold 'em all?
cause i stay well off
now all i get is hate mail all day sayin dre fell off
what cause i been in the lab wit a pen and a pad
tryin to get this damn label off?
i ain't havin that; this is the millennium of aftermath
it ain't gon' be nothin after that
so give me one more platinum plaque and f*** rap!
you can have it back
so where's all the madd rappers at?
it's like a jungle in this habitat
but all you savage cats, know that i was strapped wit gats
when you were cuddlin a cabbage patch"
"feeling kinky, lip syncing to too $hort's
""freaky tales"" having creepy visions of whiskey drinking
and envisioning sneaking into
where christie brinkley dwells
i know this is risky thinking
but i wanna stick her like she's decals
but when murdering females
better pay attention to these details
or you could be derailed
better wear at least three layers of clothing or be in jail
if you get scratched because
your dna'll be all up under her fingernails
man, he hears you, i don't think he cares
he gives a f***, even his pinky swears
three personalities burstin' out of me, please beware
her tv blares
can't hear the creaking stairs
she's unaware in no underwear
she's completely bare
turns around and screams, i remember distinctly
i said: ""i'm here to do sink repairs. ""
chop her up, put her body parts
in front of steven avery's trailer and leave 'em there
but hey man, i was framed
i know what this looks like, officers
please just give me one minute
i think i can explain
i ain't murdered nobody
i know these words are so nutty
but i'm just here to entertain
how come your shirt is so bloody?
there's a missing person, so what?
he's got nothin' to do with me
i'm almost certain i was framed
woke up, it was dawn
musta knew somethin' was wrong
think i'm becomin' a monster
'cause of the drugs that i'm on
donald duck's on
there's a tonka truck in the yard
but dog, how the f*** is ivanka trump
in the trunk of my car?
gotta get to the bottom of it to try to solve it
must go above and beyond
'cause it's incumbent upon me
plus i feel somewhat responsible
for the dumb little blonde girl
that motherf***in' baton twirler
that got dumped in the pond
second murder with no recollection of it
collectin' newspaper articles, cuttin' out sections from it
memory's too f***ed to remember
destructive temper
cut my public defender's jugular
then stuck him up in a blender
another dismembered toddler
discovered this winter, probably
'cause the disassembled body
was covered up in the snow
since the month of november, oddly
i'm wanted for questioning
them son of a b****es
probably just wanna pin this on me
but hey man, i was framed
i know what this looks like, officers
please just give me one minute
i think i can explain
i ain't murdered nobody
i know these words are so nutty
but i'm just here to entertain
how come your shirt is so bloody?
there's a missing person, so what?
he's got nothin' to do with me
i'm almost certain i was framed
still on the loose, they
spotted me inside mcdonald's, tuesday
in a toronto blue jays cap
lookin' like your college roommate
with rihanna, lupe, saddam hussein, bobby boucher
or was it cool j?
the cops is on a goose chase
just escaped from the state pen
for r'aping eight women who hate men
don't make it no weirder, i'm naked
when i break in your basement
under your baby's playpen
i lay in, wait adjacent
facin' the door, remainin' patient
while stayin' complacent
blatant sexual implications are continuin' to get thrown
insinuations are placed in little riddles and poems
left on your pillow in hopes
that when you get home
you'll get the hint, ho
""i'm in your window""
but it never occurred to me
i could describe a murder scene
in a verse and be charged with first degree
'cause it just happened to match up perfectly
with the massacre or the burger king burglary
no, officer, you see
i was framed
i know what this looks like, officers
please just give me one minute
i think i can explain
i ain't murdered nobody
i know these words are so nutty
but i'm just here to entertain
how come your shirt is so bloody?
there's a missing person, so what?
he's got nothin' to do with me
i'm almost certain i was framed"
"faded voice   f*** yeah...
eminem: yeahh!
loyd banks: oh shit, its the evil genius
eminem: green lantern
loyd banks: yea... hey yo em, what do we call this shit right here?
eminem: the invasion
loyd banks: you had part 1, we got part 2, now its part 3, the final chapter mother f***er
eminem: armeggedon; lets go
i got a riddle, what’s little and talks big
with midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle
that’ll do anything to throw dirt on my name
if it means walking the whole mediterranean
is he an albanian, armenian, iranian, tazmanian,
no he’s name’s raymond and oh, oh sorry yo
so sorry wow, but that was a long time ago
when i was just joe shmo, rapping in joe blow’s basement
i apologized fo’ it before, so
either accept it or you don’t
and let’s move on, if i aint shown that i’ve grown
then get the bone, keep licking these nuts,
you industry mutts, keep walking around sniffing each other’s butts
or should i say asses?
what would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses?
loyd banks: hold up, hold up, hold up
new york city man, its the kid loyd banks
if you hearin' what i'm hearin right now, you know this ain't no regular shit homie,
this something special and we gota bring this shit back, green comon!
i got a riddle, what’s little and talks big
with midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle
that’ll do anything to throw dirt on my name
if it means walking the whole mediterranean
is he an albanian, armenian, iranian, tazmanian,
no he’s name’s raymond and oh, oh sorry yo
so sorry wow, but that was a long time ago
when i was just joe shmo, rapping in joe blow’s basement
i apologized fo’ it before, so
either accept it or you don’t
and let’s move on, if i aint shown that i’ve grown
then get the bone, keep licking these nuts,
you industry mutts, keep walking around sniffing each other’s butts
or should i say asses?
what would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses?
the question i ask is..
how can i explain this?
how can i swing this, in english language?
if i switch to slang and turn mayn to mayn
do i do it in vein, or simply to entertain?
am i being real or am i being fake
am i just a fraud or am i truly genuine
or am i caught up in this hot water
woady on my daughter i told you i love this culture
don’t let em insult ya, i’ma tell you one more ‘gain
this is the environment i was brought up ‘in
but every now and ‘then, i use my ‘pen
to get rid of some frustration, or should i say shon
this is just another one of my subliminal ways to racism
you’re face is numb, you’re stunned you look as cold
like that of a man who’s 70 some years old
and it only gets colder, which is why i understand
it can’t be mad at a forty four fan
with a chip on his shoulder
who only owns half of a magazine, and the only way to have it seen
is to put me on the front of it again
only think that makes him grin, is to see me frown
papa can’t stand me, papa needs to take his medication and sit the f*** down
in his new chair that goes round and round
that he bought from new money of his bank account
that i get him every issue when the thang comes out
sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out
and let his black side arm wrestle his white side
yell apartheid loud enough that he might slide
he might find someone dumb enough who might ride
but aint nobody over here buying two white guys
disguised as pro black there’s no slack for a hartford college grad.
in a fitted hat and a hunch bag, standing by the clearance coat rack
and some rso throwbacks, yeah
shady in the place to be seen and i got what it takes to rock the mic right
still knockin' a k to these punks, f***in' cocksuckin' p**** lips hatin' mixed c***s!"
"chorus
my friends have told me
it's all around me
the signs of you guys
being there too
i know it might be
a little crazy
it's true without it
you wouldn't be you
i miss the times when we were
about 10
we used to run around
play around
it was happier then
i still know you guys now
but you're not the same
i used to like it when
our lives were a game
repeat chorus
i've got some new friends
you'd really like them
i can't help but
think about when
the games were over
into a uniform
still inside me
the thought of you is warm
i really miss you
wanna hug and kiss you
and
repeat chorus
the time is messing up
i feel like dressing up
it makes it harder
to realise it
repeat chorus 
i really miss you
wanna hug and kiss you
it's me and you
guys"
"""f*** it, friends or no friends i had enough bullshit
to last me clear to the ends""
i shoulda been able to see that you were the one
behind this
but i was blind as f*** to think that you were the
kind that stuck some more in the spine this
it was another friendship broke in half
and watch you turn everything into a game and joke and
laugh
and both of us know we can't discuss the situation
like adults each confrontation just results in
accusations and insults
so i'm just let it go from that
we need to be i told you now, from that
what goes around comes back around
believe me, duck from that, come here you f***in...
come here you f***in backstabber
why i oughta, be the b**** n**** from the hood, haha
come here you f***in backstabber
why i oughta, be the n**** that's up to no good, haha
""f*** it, friends or no friends i had enough bullshit
to last me clear to the ends""
take a second to stop and think about what you done
and you woulda thought that being a friend, instead of
what you won
all because of what you run your mouth
you wanna prance around and gloat?
let's see how well you dance around
when i got my hands around your throat
cause it's a matter of time till i get my blows in and
it won't be long
you shouldn't go walkin around and stickin your nose
in where it don't belong
cause everytime you talked when you was stretchin the
truth
there's gonna be one more flyin' knuckle you're gunna
catch in the tooth
come here, come here you f***in...
come here you f***in backstabber
why i oughta, be the b**** n**** from the hood, haha
come here you little backstabber
why i oughta, be the n**** that's up to no good, haha
""f*** it, friends or no friends i had enough bullshit
to last me clear to the ends""
come here you lil double crossing goin behind my back
snitchin
good for nothin but trouble causin instigating fact
switcher
you were the least that i suspected
until the puzzle well into place with every peice that
i selected
but i'll never let that crap happen again
you come backstabbin' again
catch it smack dab in the chin
that's for backstabbin a friend
cause every name in the book
wouldn't be enough
so i just figured i'd say your name in the hook
check it out, come here you f***in....
come here you f***in backstabber
why i oughta, be the b**** n**** from the hood, haha
come here you little backstabber
why i oughta, be the n**** that's up to no good, haha
""f*** it, friends or no friends i had enough bullshit
to last me clear to the ends""
backstabbers don't live too long
around my way friendships betrayed
in the hood you die for that!
for those that don't love this combat and verbally say
this
this could relate to the death of a backstabber
that's like the desire to make social distant
vibration combustion of the neck
the backstabber for the female, you sleezin ass b****
n****!
so remember, the backstabber always loses in the end
a friend is a friend to the end
f r i for fri, e n d a friend for the end.....yes
to eternity.....the backstabber shall never flourish
take em out.......
by: marineli"
"hi!
original bad boy on the case, cover your face
came in the place blowed, and sprayed puffy with mase
i laced the weed with insect repellant, better check the smelly
eminem starts with e, better check the spelling
with a capital, somebody grab me a snapple
i got an aspirin capsule trapped in my adam's apple
somebody dropped me on my head, and i was sure
that my mother did it, but the b**** won't admit it was her
i slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months
and said, ""i'm ready now b****   ain't you feelin these kicks c***?""
the world ain't ready for me yet, i can tell
i'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in hell
i'm sick of these sperm cells with syphillis germs
and i'm hotter than my d*** is, when i piss and it burns
i kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach
and vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it
 hit you in the head with a brick til you plummet
if y'all don't like me, you can suck my d*** til you numb it
and all that gibberish you was spittin, you need to kill it
cause your style is like dyin in my sleep, i don't feel it
chorus: eminem
cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is f***in crazy    you hear me? ha?
is f***in crazy    hello, hi!
cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is f***in crazy    do you hear me?
is f***in crazy
i'm ice grillin you, starin you down with a gremlin grin
i'm eminem, you're a f** in a women's gym
i'm slim, the shady is really a fake alias
to save me with in case i get chased by space aliens
a brainiac, with a cranium packed, full of more uranium
than a maniac saudi arabian
a highly combustible head, spazmatic
strapped to a kraftmatic adjustable bed
laid up in the hospital in critical condition
i flatlined; jumped up and ran from the mortician
high speed, iv full of thai weed
lookin chinese, with my knees stuck together like siamese
twins, joined at the groin like lesbians
uhh, pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pins
i hope god forgives me for my sins    it probably all depends
on if i keep on killin my girlfriends
chorus: eminem
cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is f***in crazy    you hear me? ha?
is f***in crazy    listen!!
cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is f***in crazy    you hear me?
is f***in crazy
last night i o.d.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust
and got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed
 i'm an alcoholic and that's all i can say
i call in to work, cause all i do is frolic and play
i swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day
of tylenol 3, and talk about how violent i'll be give me eleven excederin my head'll spin
medicine'll get me revvin like a 747 jet engine
scratched my balls til i shredded skin
""doctor, check this rash, look how red it's been""
""it's probably aids!"" forget it then
i strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows
that don't even make sense, like dykes usin dildos
so reach in your billfolds, for ten ducats
and pick up this slim shady shit that's on rawkus
somethin somethin somethin, somethin i get weeded
my daughter scribbled over that rhyme, i couldn't read it
damn!"
"i?m a goat
and for those of y?all who don?t know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and i consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes!
this is the part i was worried about
everyone thinks that my career is down the tubes
and i?m in some dusty garage inhaling them carbon monoxide fumes
and everyone?s telling me what i should do
and how i should come out and what to rap about
and i know i got a lot up in my medulla oblongata that i gotta get out
and i?m not sure how this is gonna come off
they?re probably gonna think that i?m coming off as cocky like i just started giving a f*** what you really think about me
see, the thing about me
is you don?t really know a thing about me
everyone?s making a stink about me
like there?s some kind of a aura of that of the king around me
surround me with nothin? but gangsters, killers, and bangers
and the most dangerous criminals
and i feel like i?m more comfortable around them than i do my own motherf***in? neighbors
but, see, my dream is to be remembered as one of the best when i leave
why does it seem like i?m not even put up in the same category as other emcees?
so when weezy says that he?s better than jay z
please, be that just subliminally
means he thinks jigga?s the best and that he?s
the only one up in that league, see
and it?s easy just to consider me one of the greatest white rappers there is
knowing god damn well that i?m one of the best god damn rappers that ever lived period
i?m a goat
and i don?t mean to gloat
but i know what i know and i know what you think
and these magazines?ll never put it in ink
because how would it look if they considered me as a goat?
and for those of y?all who don?t know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and i consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes!
maybe they figure that i?m on my way out the game
so they gotta go try to find em a new eminem
or a new shady, if they think it?s gonna happen
man, i thought i was crazy
or maybe i could be takin? it wrong and they?re tryna pay homage to me in a strange way
so let me pay homage to my fellow white competitors almost in the same way
see, you hardly ever do hear anyone even bringing up that paul wall?s white
cause lyrically he doesn?t pose a threat to anyone, see, he?s just aight
and bubba sparxxx, he just won?t write
because he?s so caught up in that snow white
that timbaland can?t even get him in the studio
he?s so gone off that coke, right
and it?s so sad, cause he?s dope, right
america?s next great white hope, right
so now they feel like they gotta come up with some corny ass white rapper show, right
and which i?m still havin? mixed feelings about
they said it?d be real, i?m just spillin? it out
there?s somethin? about a white boy talking black and runnin? around with a damn grill in his mouth
and i love when the say that tiger woods shit
""isn?t it ironic that the best rapper?s white and the best golfer?s black?""
and i?m the one who?s gotta catch all the flack offa? that
but these are the people who never had heard of an eminem until 8 mile had came out
but i had already hit middle america
parents had all got to likin? me now
when suddenly i wasn?t such a bad guy
all of the hatred for me must?ve died
thought i committed career suicide so i had to turn back into the bad guy
so f*****y f*****y f*****y g**s
and  god made raggedy ann and andy
not raggedy andy and andy and andy
and angelina jolie is just another ho
and brad is a sucka? because once i f*** her
she wants to go to somalia to adopt another baby
you know what i say? no
you better save some of them kids from madonna
she needs all the publicity she can get
you want a shady? well, you got it, man
i ain?t apologizin? for shit.
i?m a goat
and i don?t mean to gloat
but i know what i know and i know what you think
and these magazines?ll never put it in ink
because how would it look if they considered me as a goat?
and for those of y?all who don?t know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and i consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes!"
"artist: sway and king tech f/ eminem
yo.. yo! mic check.. testing.. one, two ffff f***..  my nuts..
my attitude is worse than nwa's was
i'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people
who ain't have shit to do with it, like cool j does you see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin,
""puffy is good,  but slim shady is for the children!"" i look at my life in a new light    f*** it
give me two mics; i write songs for me    f*** what you like
you're probably hear me rap half hearted; cause i don't like rap anyway
i'm just tryin to get my porno career started
every place and event.. +been there, done that+
shit, dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went
 ""come on, let's go!""
want a deal? study these 5 chapters
lesson one: throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers
lesson two: face em and diss em don't give em a demo; kidnap em and make em come to your basement and listen
lesson three: get a job at a label; switch demos with canibus
and put yours on the owner's table lesson four: 'know you heard this before'
""hey let me get your number; i'll call you tomorrow, for sure!""
don't act like a fan    you wanna get signed?
get the whitest a&r you can find
pull him aside and rap as wack as you can
lesson five: get a hook up at jive
dress up like i.c.p. and have them come see you perform live
and that's the key, but when you see me on the street; i ain't
givin you shit b****   don't even bother askin me toilet water splashes me right in the ass when i'm spittin
cause i'm always shittin when i'm rappin like master p got a blowjob from paula jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth
my balls broke both of her collarbones told mya this shit was all about me ah gave alyssa milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea and all three of my main girls said see ya
cause brandy and monica walked in and caught me f***in aaliyah
 i splish splash while i'm takin a bath
grab a handful of pills, break em in half, take em and laugh
white trash    f***in your wife in the ass while you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass
so if i hurt your self esteem
and you get dissed too bad you know i just be sayin that to get you mad
and when i rap about a buncha shit you wished you had you know i just be sayin that to get you mad
""i can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!""
you know i just be sayin that to get you mad
""he'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad!"" you know i just be sayin that to get you mad
what a wonderful day; i should go outside and play
ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate
hi renee!  i was just about to toss a live grenade
in your driveway  and drive away are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with aids
blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache
you talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though
i'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow
tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half
wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed cage with +agent orange+
and wiped my ass with his page in source the demon is here, steamin this year
i rip  voicebox out, scream in his ear it's not a gimmick b****, it's an image i live it
give a f***? i don't know what a f*** is to give it
""yeah i don't think this guy is well.."" i'm high as hell
i'll beat you with a live cat when i'm swinging him by his tail
i'll f***in, i'll f***in
lay your nuts on the dresser
just your nutsack by itself
and bang them shits with a spiked bat
cut your neck off and sew your head right back
and leave you like that
you just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor
who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than chris topher
reeves, i was teething with strep throat
while your mother was breastfeeding
and gave her the flesh eating disease
i'm iller than takin a hammer and beatin your knees
and walkin through south central l.a., bleedin in jeans
 wakin up the next day in breathin machines
flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes
on how you just got smoked, and if you do live
you'll be too scared to tell it, like a biggie and 'pac joke
so if i hurt your self esteem and you get dissed too bad
you know i just be sayin that to get you mad
and when i rap about a fat b**** that you wished you had
you know i just be sayin that to get you mad
""i can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad""
you know i just be sayin that to get you mad
""he'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad""
you know i just be sayin that to get you mad
i know that makes you real mad, don't it? that's right, slim shady  sway & tech
sprayin wreck and we don't give a heck or a damn.. or a f***.. or a shit
so suck my motherf***in d***"
"hey yo dawg
i got some shit on my motherf***in chest that
i need to get off cause, if i don't
i'ma f***in explode, or somethin
now look   this is a story about
some little f***in girls that i know
it goes like this..
it's so easy for me to make enemies any more it's sickening
people are lookin for an excuse to jump on my shitlist
stickin their noses in shit that isn't none of their business
i never asked, cared, gave a f***, or wanted opinions
now i'm in the position that, i don't wanna be in   shit
i never had no beef with your corny son of a b****es
but now the shit is broke and you can't do nothin to fix it
so i'm tellin you right now   motherf*** a limp bizkit
now i'ma be real, b real was real
he ain't say shit the whole time me and whitey was beefin, see he chill
he was cool with the whole situation and kept it neutral
i'd have never involved my crew if it wasn't for pupils
peoples, whatever your backpackin cypherin name is
had i not opened a magazine and seen what you sayin and
i'da never involved you, but you had to add your two pennies
now i gotta go grab my shitlist and add some new enemies
hit the studio and i'll admit, i had a few in me
f*** it, i roasted you, i ain't mad at you any
but let it be known that song was never released, it leaked
i'da never gave you that much attention intentionally
then i look on the tv, now look who's mentionin me
that little f***in weasel, dj lethal, on mtv
after i gave you props in that song, you on national tv
talkin bout everlast is gonna whip my ass when he sees me?
come on dawg, you was supposed to be on that song
talkin bout how bad you hate him, now you all on his thong?
what's wrong? you scared, and fred, you said you was dissin him too
i shoulda knew better than to listen to you
you f***in sissy, up on stage, screamin how people hate you
they don't hate you
they just think you're corny since christina played you
and how dare you motherf***ers that try to diss me back
that's a sissy act, and don't call me kissin my ass
cause i swear to god this ain't just a song i'm tryin to pre warn you
lethal when i f***in see you dawg i'm swingin on you!
motherf***ers must think cause i'm in trouble with the law
that i won't jaw 'em, up my sentence and double it tomorrow
y'all some   girrrrls   y'all are some god damn girls
why do you act this way?   why do you act this way huh?
why do y'all act like f***in sissies you pussies
keep talkin shit behind my back you just some b****es for that
and we all knowwww   we all know, hah
how f***in cowards rollll   ""keep rollin rollin rollin""
in f***in dent me's and pretend to be down
but as soon as someone calls you out
you put your tail between your legs and bow dowwwn
now i don't ask nobody to share my beliefs, to be involved in my beefs
i'm a man, i can stand on my feet
so if you don't wanna be in 'em all i ask
is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion
and i won't put you in 'em
cuz i don't ask nobody to share my beliefs, to be involved in my beefs
i'm a man, i can stand on my feet
so if you don't wanna be in 'em all i ask
is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion
and i won't put you in 'em
now see if you diss me and i respond, the beef is on
but if i help you sell one record
and i see you at a show, i'll strip you naked
see i was smart, i came back and scooped up my friends
now i got five dawgs that'll die for me like i'll die for them
i'll fight for them, swing or shoot like i fight for kim
all of 'em been with me through this f***ed up life that i'm in
that goes for all of my dogs, from royce to dre
from xzibit to mel man, 'til i'm hoist away
in my coffin i'll never soften no matter how often i'm tested
i'll never give a f***, i won't never be interested
love me or hate me as much as fred wants to be hated
i will solemnly stand by every statement i stated
this shit that i been through my pencil never could pencil
but i will never be this gullible ever again no next time i'll know when someone's copyin off me
i'm not bein cocky, i just know when somebody's mockin me
i stick up my middle finger, he sticks up his finger i say ""f*** christina"" he says ""f*** christina"" but meaner
so from doin a song with method to beggin to get accepted
i'm peggin fred with the bottle of dye that he bleached his head with
and as for lethal, don't forget what i said
i'm f***in you up punk, you're dead! don't think that i'm playin
and f*** bizkit! cause i know you're sayin f*** d 12
only not to our face, under your breath, to yourselves
you little   girrrrls   motherf***in females
why do you act this way?   why do y'all act this way huh?
why do y'all act like f***in sissies you pussies
keep talkin shit behind my back you just some b****es for that
and we all knowwww   now we all know the truth
how f***in cowards rollll   ""keep rollin rollin rollin""
in f***in dent me's and pretend to be down
but as soon as someone calls you out
you put your tail between your legs and bow dowwwn
now i don't ask nobody to share my beliefs, to be involved in my beefs
i'm a man, i can stand on my feet
so if you don't wanna be in 'em all i ask
is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion
and i won't put you in 'em
cuz i don't ask nobody to share my beliefs, to be involved in my beefs
i'm a man, i can stand on my feet
so if you don't wanna be in 'em all i ask
is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion
and i won't put you in it
and that's it, that's all there is to it dawg
if you didn't wanna do the f***in song
don't say you're down with doin the f***in song
and then back out at the last minute
and then go on motherf***in mtv talkin about
everlast can whip my motherf***in ass
if you're scared of whitey ford dog
just say you're scared of whitey ford, that's it
that's all you had to f***in say, i wouldn'ta said shit
i woulda backed off, did the motherf***in song myself
and not put you motherf***ers in it, that's all
now i ain't even on no rap shit no more
i'm on some f***in you up shit when i see you
and i will see you too; oh, and by the way fred
that wasn't an accident
i didn't mean to give you a play at the music awards"
"my name is... some kind like...
i'm ... when you can't sleep and you're still up,
i get the ball and i'm like ..you can't get a ..
you probably got strip ...no reason to trip
i grab like ? i smile like john .. come on i'm hard ..
... no loss to ..
...ain't doing it ain't pursuing no lawsuits
i ain't suing, i know what i'm doing
give you the ball and your life is ruined
i'm like rasheed i remind me the spirit of proof
i'm happy go lucky
balling and grooving
i'm on the move
i'm smooth with it
give me the ball, you don't know what to do with it
shoot it in the basket your other team needs a casket
lebron saying, don't respond
there's no back and forth
this game is little man
i play aloud and walk away just to shush the crowd
you trying to touch? sit down
...homie that get ugly this is...
man i don't think you ready
i get the crowd rolled up
like a u haul truck just call me...
ain't too... i live you to ..
man i love this game who the hell you called up,
you need points on the paint, i'm...
all my...on the bank and i'm...
yeah baby it's true, i'm talking to you
you already know what to do
just pass to me, it just so happens to be
that i ...so... you ain't convinced
give it to ?prince we haven't stayed calm since
need the ball ..
...homie that get ugly this is...
man i don't think you ready
i said we get everybody the ball...
i said ahh give me the ball ..
you ain't missing it
...basketball homie, hey yo..."
"yeah, yeah, sick
they say these bars are like covid you get 'em right off the bat infected with sars and corona
like you took a bite off of that and it goes from martian to human that's how the virus attacks they come at me with machine guns like trying to fight off a gnat
still stackin' my chips, hoes, higher than shaq on his tiptoes
atop the empire state buildin'
this shit is like child's play, children
i will not annihilate, kill them
i'll f*** around and pile еight million
dead little juvenilеs, wait, chill
then, i'll await my trial date 'til then
ain't nothin' you say can ever trump mic, pencil get killed if you're hypersensitive
i wasn't referencin' the vice president, chill i mean my penmanship at times tends to get ill
violence but with skill
that's why i hence when i write ends up
with the mic and pencil gettin' killed and i'm still ride or die for the squad so you know which side that i'm on
if a battle line's ever drawn, but if i get involved
it'll be like k9's in a brawl
but not similar to mike vick at all
'cause even if i don't have a dog in the fight
they ain't never gonna get rid of the fight in the dog
got stripes like a tiger, so you might get mauled
a mic in the palms
like claws, i can swing right for your jaw
and rip it off with one swipe of the paw
b****, you still on my d*** or naw? if i suck, your wife is a straw i'm sick and i'm not gonna cover my mouth
next time that i cough
they say these bars are like covid you get 'em right off the bat infected with sars and corona
like you took a bite off of that and it goes from martian to human that's how the virus attacks they come at me with machine guns like trying to fight off a gnat 
and d. a. got that dope he sends to me it's like pneumonia symptoms and contracting covid instantly
which is what separates my flow from theirs
so that no one gets even close to this to pose a risk to me
so vocalistically  , that's social distancing flow going viral, you best stay strapped
with that lysol and get way back
get that pine sol and that ajax
'cause this dry cough is just
like football umpires callin' a playback
b****, back the f*** up like fifteen yards
these rhymes call for a face mask 'nother fourteen day quarantine
they're cordoning off everything
this shit lookin' like a horror scene
like me metaphorically 'cause them stay at home orders seem
like they just keep getting more extreme
who knows when this nightmare will end?
like monroe, norma jean
still got that heroin lyrical drip
with that morphine and that thorazine
'cause i'm so f***in' dope  and you're a fiend
and that's the one thing that hasn't changed for some semblance of normalcy
but i might need that hydrochloroquine
'cause i got that the dark horse, i'm a knight mare
mom fed me valium like air
thought that's why they called it a high chair i got a contact like eyewear
woah, wait a minute, b****, let me lie here
20 20 hindsight in my side mirror
every year, you drop the ball like times square
my hair trigger whenever i get an idea
f***, now my name rings out like a sponge mop
and my drip was a drop
in the bucket, so that gun shot
you just heard just now in that one spot
just came from the nine mil' that i just got
that's big bucks and i got a full money clip and i'm loaded
i ain't even mean to go the f*** off
i'm still totally inappropriate with an opiate
groping it while i'm holding it like a trophy
i'm hoping a little codeine'll get me od'in'
woah, everything is slow, i begin to floating
i know that i'm getting loaded, the pen exploded
hiroshima with the flows, a utopia
with the dope, i'm an og, i'm like the g. o. a. t
here to get your goat little bit of sodium, it's assault
when i'm at the podium, at your throat, holy camoly
i'm in the zone with the shit i'm on
get imodium and a commode because nobody's even close
you're petroleum to plutonium, you're a phony
i'm at the crib with your ho
got her at the pole like voting with no clothing
stripped down to a toe ring and here we go with the gloating
i've got my nose in the air like a boeing
then i got into a little bit of an argument with her
so i took a little lick of a klonopin at dinner
then i hit her with the motherf***ing ottoman and bit her
then i shot her in the liver
delivered her to the bottom of the river
but i'm probably gon' jump in the water with her
with a wad of money 'cause i got a lot of it
and when it come to drippin'
i be soppin' like a hundred mile an hour
never runnin' out of either one of 'em, i gotta get it 'cause
they say these bars are like covid you get 'em right off the bat infected with sars and corona
like you took a bite off of that and it goes from martian to human that's how the virus attacks they come at me with machine guns it's like trying to fight off a gnat "
"i ain't gonna eat, i ain't gonna sleep
ain't gonna breathe, til i see, what i wanna see
and what i wanna see, is you go to sleep, in the dirt
permanently, you just being hurt, this ain't gonna work
for me, it just wouldn't be, sufficient enough
cuz we, are just gonna be, enemies
as long as we breathe, i don't ever see, either of us
coming to terms, where we can agree
there ain't gonna be, no reason, speakin wit me
you speak on my seed, then me, no speak englais
so we gonna beef, and keep on beefin, unless
you're gonna agree, to meet with me in the flesh
and settle this face to face, and you're gonna see
a demon unleashed in me, that you've never seen
and you're gonna see, this gangsta pee on himself
i see you d 12, and thanks, but me need no help
me do this one all by my lonely, i don't need fifteen of my homies
when i see you, i'm seeing you, me and you only
we never met, but best believe you gon' know me
when i'm this close, to see you exposed as phony
come on, b****, show me, pick me up, throw me
lift me up, hold me, just like you told me
you was gonna do, that's what i thought, you're pitiful
i'm rid of you, all you, ja, you'll get it too!
now go to sleep b****!
die, motherf***er, die! ugh, time's up, b****, close ya eyes
go to sleep, b****! why are you still alive? how many times i gotta say, close ya eyes?
and go to sleep b****! die motherf***er die, bye, bye, motherf***er, bye, bye!
go to sleep b****! why are you still alive? why, die motherf***er, ah, ah, ah...
...go to sleep b****!
we got you n****z, nervous
on purpose, to hurt your focus, you'se not mc's, you'se worthless
you'se not them g's, you'se a circus, you'se no appeal, please
you'se curtains, you use words, cool heard, slurred in two thousand third
you'se purpin, you'se no threat, who's ya servin?
we lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when
you f*** with a label overseein the earth
shady muthaf***a, o. trice's birth
and as i mold, i become a curse
so we can put down the verse, take it to the turf
cock and squeeze, and he who reach the hearse is he who
depicts fiction in his verse
and as i breathe, and you be deceased
the world believe you deceived just to speak
you'se not the streets, you'se the desk
use not your chest n****, use a vest
before two's choose ya rest, you chose death
six feet deep, n****, that's the debt
hey dog, i'ma walk like a beast, talk like the streets
i'ma stay blazin new york wit the heat
stalk on the beat, walk wit my feet
understand my pain, the rain ain't sweet
peep how i'm moving, peep where i'm going
shit don't seep, then sleep not knowin
but i'ma keep growing, getting larger than life
easy going with the same one that started the fight
he be knowing how dog get, when dog gone bite
tried to show him the dog shit, it's dog for life
grand champ, and my blood line is tight
cuz it's all good, it's all right
n****s tried to holla, but couldn't holla back
now they gots to swallow, everything in the sac
blood line, and, we can go track for track
damn dog, why'd you have to do them n****s like that?
all you motherf***ers! take that!
here, take this too, b****! uh, uh, uh, uh, waaaaaahoo!
we're killin all you motherf***ers dead, all you!
fake ass gangsters! no more press! no more press!
rot, motherf***ers, rot! decay, in the dirt, b****, in the motherf***ing dirt!
die nameless, b****, die nameless! no more fame!
ahhhhhhhhhh! hahahaha"
"i'm going through changes
i'm going through changes
lately, i really feel like i'm rolling for delph like philly
feel like i'm losing control of myself
i sincerely apologize if all that i sound like
is i am complaining
but life keeps on complicating
and i'm debating on leaving this world this evening
even my girls can see i'm grieving
i try and hide it, but i can't
why do i act like i'm all high and mighty
when inside i'm dying
i am finally realizing, i need help
can't do it myself, too weak
two weeks i've been having ups and downs, going
through peaks and valleys
dilly dallying 'round with the idea of ending this shit right here
i'm hating my reflection, i walk around the house
tryin' to fight mirrors
i can? t stand what i look like, here, i look fat
but what do i care? i could give a f***
only thing i fear is hailie
i'm afraid if i close my eyes then i might see her, shit
i'm going through changes
i'm going through changes
i lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom, napping at noon
yeah, dad's in a bad mood
he's always snapping at you
marshall what happened that you
can't stop with these pills
and you've fallen off with your skills
and your own fans are laughing at you
you've become a problem you're too p**** to tackle
get up, be a man, stand
a real man would of had this shit handled
know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed
they say proof just flipped out
homie just whipped out and bust, nah
it isn't like dudey to do that, he wouldn't f***in
shoot at nobody, he'd fight first
but dwelling on it only makes the night worse
now i'm popping vics, percs and methadone pills
""yeah em, tight verse, you killed it""
f***in' drug dealers hang around me like yes men
and they gonna do whatever i says when, i says it
it's in their best interest to protect their investment
and i just lost my f***ing best friend, so f*** it i guess then
i'm going through changes
i'm going through changes
don't know what i'm gonna do
but i just keep on going through changes
my friends can't understand this new me, that's
understandable, man
but think how bananas
you'd be, you'd be an animal too
if you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo
and everybody's lookin? at you
what you want me to do?
i'm starting to live like a recluse and the truth is
fame is starting to give me an excuse
to be at a all time low
i sit alone in my home theater
watching the same damn dvd of the first tour
the last tour, he was still alive and it hurts
so i fast forward
sleeping pills will make me feel alright
and if i'm still awake in the middle of the night
i just take a couple more, yeah
you're motherf***ing right
i ain't slowing down for no one
i am almost homeward bound
almost in a coma, yeah homie
come on dole 'em out
""daddy don't you die on me
daddy better hold your ground! ""
f***, don't i know the sound of that voice
yeah baby, hold me down
i'm going through changes
i'm going through changes
don't know what i'm gonna do
but i just keep on going through changes
wake up in the hospital full of tubes
plus somehow i'm pulling through
swear when i come back i'ma be bulletproof
i'mma do it just for proof
i think i should state a few facts
'cause i may not get a chance again to say the truth
shit it just hit me that what if
i would not have made it through
i think about the things
i would have never got to say to you
i'd never get to make it right
so here's what i came to do
hailie this one is just for you, whitney and elaina too
i still love your mother, that will never change
think about her every day
we just could never get it together
hey, wish there was a better way for me to say it
but i swear on everything
i'll do anything for her on any day
there are just too many things to explain
when it rains, guess it pours
yes it does, wish there wasn't any pain
but i can't pretend there ain't
i ain't placing any blame, i ain't pointing fingers
heaven knows i never been a saint
i know that it feels like we just pissed away our history
and just today i looked at your picture, almost hate to say
i miss you, sub consciously
wish it didn't end this way, but i just had to get away
don't know why, i don't know what else to say, i guess i'm
i'm going through changes
don't know what i'm gonna do
but i just keep on going through changes
i'm going through changes"
"motherf***ers talkin' crazy  , sayin' i should quit i f***in' tell them make me  , eat a f***in' d*** i'm feelin' like the greatest  , wanna be whoever did it
mike will the one who made it, it's shady on the lyrics
i'm somewhat outlandish they say
you say we're cut from the same cloth
but i guess you fabricate, eh?
you better bring more men than the latter day saints
manic states, even padded with automatic stay pray
gat anything that may stay in their way
as i stand at the bay window with a hand grenade
and a tre eight, at the mandalay bay
common sense, i'm a dollar short and a day late
james holmes at the saturday batman matinee
must have missed my cat scan that day
i just threw a tampax at dre
trashcan tasks cam and ashtray
i'm turning back to a madman, can't take
anymore but i try to get away from the anger and rage
my basic alias is an a to the k
get your ass spayed like bidets breakin' your legs
ain't givin' ways ankle the ways you chumps don't
even know how to do somethin'
to give goosebumps a day when you say
that somethin' you won't give someonea lump in their throat
if you had them choked up you'd be yankin' my chain
feelin' like i'm headed for a padded cell, the
bar for me what i rap isn't fair but
guess that's the standard i'm held to
but if somethin' like that doesn't tell ya
you set a mark too high
when platinum sales are looked at as a failure
then you better take it back to the shelter
and hamburger helper, 'cause damn it i'm still the—
greatest in the world, greatest in the world
greatest in the world
 i might be
the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
the best to ever do it
i feel like the greatest joker to honkies sounding like me
never be as good, never be as good
packing up wife beaters, white t shirts, but what?
i'm the greatest
so you sold 10 million albums, eh? only problem is, you put out 10 million albums, eh? wait, what was i just about to say?
oh yeah, let me get this out the way
i know there's people that are pissed
about the way i misprounouced a name
""die antwoord! ""
f***! i still can't say the shit
but how quickly they forget who the f*** i was
now ninja try to duck my slugs
to let ya girl get f***ed by muggs
i'd like to give a shout to cypress
this can't be real, you dissed me
and i was just tryin' to give you a shout
now get the f*** out my rhyme book
no more shiners, already too much time tokin' rappers
i hear you talkin' shit, i'm just too big to respond to it
god forbid i forget, go and jump out the window
somebody better child proof it
'cause if i lose it we can rewind to some old ja rule shit
and i can remind motherf***ers i'll do shit
you don't got the tools, i got my toolkit, i bullshit you not
ya'll fools just forgot that i'm so f***in' awful
with the thoughts
and when i'm hostile and impossible to stop
so you call it a nostril 'cause it's not gonna ever
i'll never let up on the pedal might as well get the mop
'cause i'm wiping everyone up in this genre
'cause on the mic i feel like i'm the
greatest in the world, greatest in the world
greatest in the world
 i might be
the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
the best to ever do it
i feel like the greatest joker to honkies sounding like me
never be as good, never be as good
packing up wife beaters, white t shirts, but what?
i'm the greatest
oh yeah and one more thing i want to mention
is you're one dimension
i'm a monkey wrench and i can flunk detention
i love contentions so welcome to the gun convention
muscles flexin', gotta strut like i flunked suspension
and you just stuck the key up in the ignition
and gave me enough gas to flood my engine psychopath, michael's jack's blowin' up like a raft
i just slapped isis with a isis flag
bet you i come back twice as bad revival didn't go viral!
denaun and royce tell me that i should take the high road
f*** that i'm finna hit back 'til i run out of gun powder
and split the scene
hold the mic like similar to pistol squeeze
and i shoot from the hip when i grip them things
and my lips and the clips got the cig lit
like it's nicotine drinking, when slim gets mean
bars on these boys when i split them schemes
that's why i call the motherf***ers m 16's
float like a butterfly
i'ma sting like a bee you ain't harming a thing
i get a day hard as i'm gonna swing
i'm gonna need to put my arm in a sling
but like a wedding band you gotta be diamond
to even climb in the ring
an anomaly, i'm muhammad ali
'cause i know one day i'm gonna be the
greatest in the world, greatest in the world
greatest in the world
 i might be
the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
the best to ever do it
i feel like the greatest, woke up to honkies sounding like me
never be as good, never be as good
packing up wife beaters, white t shirts, but what?
i'm the greatest"
"what is a nightmare?
a dictionary tells us it is a terrifying dream, a nightmare
i used to think i had bad luck, but i wasn't superstitious
till one day i grew suspcious
when i stepped on a crack on and got pooped on by a group of stupid pigeons
then we flew the coop to michigan to start a new begi missuri from michigan didn't work
so we moved back to missouri from michigan
from misuri back to michigan
someone put me out my misery, i can't do this again
mom please stick to a decision
discipline, last thing i wanna do is listen she's like
let's 
but i did have a super power though
i could turn into invisible kid
dissapear out of sight, like a true magician
and one day uncle ronney
brought over this new, but different
music into the picture and it become my new religion
""i remember clearly, even today""
move back to michigan again
chillin' with my grandma always itchin' for something to do. was flipping
through the radio stations one day
and discovered this dj who was mixing
i say it to this day, if you ain't listened to the the wizard
you ain't have a f***ing clue what you was missing
i'd zone out with my headphones
all i remember doing's wishing
for shoes, f*** them stupid  b****
it's all about them new edition you get them hella cool j think i finally maneuvered to 8 mile and and somehow i found my future is in this
that's how i know my mission
little boom box  and spitting
practicing numerous rhythms
when i sit in my room envisioning
my dreams come true for wishin'
i remember proof would visit
couldn't wait to play him my new shit
he'd go complete ballistic
go through the roof for his shit
it's like we knew the instant
we tossed a mic that both of us existed to do this shit
never quid, too persistent
started a group of misfits
proof had a proposition
if we all brand together, there ain't no stopping this shit
come up with alliases, bipolar opposites and
be ready to come off the top if you got dissed at the  cos if they caught you slippin'
they'd take your spot if someone got to rippin you
and you forgot your written
i f***ing got that b**** in a headlock
cut off his oxygen slim
i'm in a league muhammad's in
all these  bombing them
probably end up on top of them
stomping them like flow vomits in your face
competitors fall at my waist
you spit a rhyme, i spit in a rhyme's face
so name the time, place to battle
b**** i'm still in that mind state
don't make me step on you and make you wine grapes
cry babies, maybe my way that i use words is loose
but you turds better be careful how you choose yours
 but egos bruise worse
and the truth hurts, shit no wonder you're sore losers
ooh, no more trippin in bird shit
this songs a self empowerment surgeon
words of encouragement but this the rap games god
but the name's not james todd? i'm just a wordsmith
so let these words lift
cos all i got is bars for you dumbbells and doors
ain't working out
each verse is more  than the first
and you ain't got to wear no shoes
and shirt in this beast? to get served
they shall not escape
with the uncle ron
i'm turning into an humble don"
"meet eddie, twenty three years old.
fed up with life and the way things are going,
he decides to rob a liquor store.
but on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart.
and suddenly, his conscience comes into play...
alright, stop! now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
and try to get money out the drawer
you better think of the consequence i'm your mother_______ conscience
that's nonsense!
go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
and borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs
tell her you need a place to stay
you'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with an aged razor blade
yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
the whole neighbourhood knows you and they'll expose you
think about it before you walk in the door first
look at the store clerk, she's older than george burns
funk that! do that ____! hit that lick!
can you afford to blow this pit? are you that rich?
why you care if you scare her to death? are you that chick?
do you really think she gives a ____ you have kids?
man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! not over this list
stop!
drop the biscuit don't even listen to slim yo, he's bad for you
you know what dre? i don't like your attitude!
sung: 
these voices, these voices!
i hear them! !
i'll follow!
i'll follow!
i'll follow!
i'll follow all these voices!
<the sung part repeats as the announcer talks over it>
meet stan, twenty one years old.
after meeting a young girl at a rave party,
things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
once again, his conscience comes into play.
<singing part stops>
now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek
and smearin' her lipstick, i slipped this in her drink
now all you gotta do is nibble on this little chicken's earlobe!
yo! this girl's only fifteen years old
how could you take advantage of her?
she's passed out!
it's easy, just cut these lights out!
that's how!
then pick this chicken up
get her off brad's couch
and leave her on the front porch
at her mum and dad's house!
man, ain't you ever seen that one movie ""kids""?)
no, but i seen the porno with sundoobiest !
do you wanna get hauled off to jail?
funk that, drop her off, ring the door bell then bail.
sung: 
these voices, these voices!
i hear them! !
i'll follow!
i'll follow!
i'll follow!
i'll follow all these voices!
<the sung part repeats as the announcer talks over it>
meet grady, a twenty nine year old construction worker.
after coming home from a hard day's work,
he walks in the door of his trailer park home
to find his wife in bed with another man.
<singing part stops>
alright calm down, relax, start breathin'
start breathin'?!
man, you just caught your wife cheatin'!
while you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off?!
forget gettin' divorced!
cut this chicken's head off!!!
wait! what if there's a good explanation for this?
what? she tripped? fell? landed on his ____?!
alright shady, maybe he's right grady
but think about the baby before you get all crazy
okay! thought about it, still wanna grab her?
kick her out the house, get your daughter and kidnap her?
that's what i did, be smart, don't be a r*****
you gonna take advice from somebody who slapped dee barnes??!
what'chu say?
what's wrong? didn't think i'd remember?
i'ma kill you mother_____!
uhhh aahh! temper temper!
mr. dre? mr. n.w.a.?
mr. ak comin' straight outta compton y'all better make way?
how in the hell you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
cause he don't need to go the same route that i went
been there, done that.. aw ____ it...
what am i sayin? do 'em both grady, where's your gun at?"
"everybody wants to make comparisons to pac, and x, and me, yall n****z want to see pac come back? you want to see this shit? he's in, he's here.
makaveli rest in peace
irv gotti, too much bacardi in his body
mouth like a .12 gauge shotti
(hail mary} come get me
if you mothaf***ers want shady
{background:
and ja said he shall be the lost begotten seed of 2pac
to lead this industry into the ways of the man
follow me
keep my mesh vest as pacs vest}
if pac was still here now,
he would never ride with ja,
na na na na na na na na
you ain't no killa, you a p****
that exstacy dun' got you all emotional and moushy
b****es wearin rags in photos, ja's words bein quoted
in the source, stealin 'pac's shit like he just wrote it
you loud mouth, pray to god, hopin no one's listenin
see 50 comin for me, oh my god my, my position
no one pays attention
to me, please gotti, here i go
gimme this pill, exstacy dun' got me feelin so
invincible
now all of a sudden i'm a f***in mad man who screams
like i'm 'pac but i'm not, enemies, hennesy
actin like i'm great, but i'm fake, i'm crazy
sweat drip, get me off this trip, someone stop this train
some say my brain is all corrupted, f***ed from this shit
i'm stuck, i'm addicted to these drugs, i'ma quit
sayin mothaf***a's name's before somebody f***s me up
ain't no pussies over here, partner, see you in hell, f***er
come get me
motherf***er, if you want shady
if pac was still here now,
he would never ride with ja
na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
get off that e
before you try to come and f*** with me
it's aftermath here now
shady records got it locked
la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
penatenturies is packed with promise makers
never realized the precious time them b**** n****s is wastin
insitutionalize, my b****es bring me product by the bundles
hustle hard from the cell, g unit mothaf***a, we ballin
catch me count trees and when i'm callin
can you set my car, ceo let me sip on henessy, ""can i sip some more?""
hell, i done been in jail, i ain't scared
momma checkin in my bedroom, i ain't there
i got a head with no screws in it
mothaf***as thinkin they can stop 50... they losin it
lil' n**** named ja, think he live like me
talkin about he left the hospital, took 9 like me
you live in fantasies n****
i rejected deposit
when your lil sweet ass goin come out of the closet
now he wonderin why dmx blowed him out
next time grown folks talkin b**** close your mouth
peep me, i take this war shit deeply
seen too many real n****s ballin let these b**** n****s beat me
yous a mothaf***in punk and you dont see me with gloves
quit scarin them f***in kids with ya ugly ass mug
and you can tell them n****s you roll with whatever you want
but you and i know whats goin on
n**** pay back tah, i know your b**** ass from way back
witness be strap with max you know i don't play that
all these old rappers tryin to advance its all over now    take it like a man
haha  irv lookin like larry holmes, flabby and sick
tryin to playa hate on my shit  made of fat d***
lovin this shit thats how you made me
feelin like i got you n****s crazy against all odds up with my thug mothaf***as know
this'll be the realist shit i ever wrote
against all odds, up in the studio gettin blow to the truest shit i ever spoke, 21 gun salute
hey yo i've been one of the most humble, rep the streets to the core
hey jeffrey, what the f*** you come involvin me for?
it's been a long time comin like a bless and a check
you see 106 and park fans don't even f***in respect you
its kinda funny wanna be pac, wanna fake like he thug
runnin around talkin shit that he ain't capable of
now let me off this cock sucka watch me handle you n****
if i recall violator used to manage you n****
then took a closer look and realized you was an impostor theres never been a violator on a murda inc
roster.
dumb ass now who shoot?   i made you look, you said bus' singin the same ol' hook,
you stupid if yall shootin' i take a look at ya man tha b**** shot himself in front of def jam
chedda bob ass n****z start adjustin ya plan
you let the streets down n**** 'pologize to ya fans
watch ya pull a lil stunt like we ain't know what it was
lil f***** desperate tryin to re establish a buzz i know tha shit is drivin you crazy you wonderin how
the streets ain't never want you beatrice what you gonna do now?
now if you wanna beef with me, then i'm beefin with you
i think about tha game and what its like ah  what would it be without you
you finished i ain't tryin to repeat this just because i'm cool shouldn' take my kindness for weakness 
it was fine next time you got a problem mate, address me
before you try to make tha shit a public issue homie, now i'ma return back to my regular self
and have fun again
hahaha, b****!
haha, outlawz
makaveli's dog
said you want to be tupac mother f***er
tupac shoes to big for you to walk in you lil' f*****
but, who do we have here now!"
"get on yo knees n****, get on yo knees and pray
em, you claim ya mother's a crackhead
and kim is a known slut so
what's hailie gon' be when she grows up?
 ah ha! yeah! c'mon!
g g g g g unit! hailie
 what?
 come here baby, bring daddy his oscar
 okay
 we're gonna shove it up ja rule's ass!
i'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple
i'm quick to murder ink with lead and talkin' bout a pencil
lookit what the f*** you done got into
i see you found yo niche, you just a b**** wit a
menstrol
claimin' you a murderer and you spelled it wrong
you put 'e' before the 'd' cuz that's all you on
you on pac's d***, you a regular guy
if pac was still alive you would never get by
all you do is cry, b**** keep it real
life is more than imitating n****z and eatin' pills
and kind of muthaf***a ruins three deals
that another n**** got you, they didn't see skills
and i ain't playin', you a brother gettin' cheated
and ja rule be prayin' on his cover cuz he need it
and all you n****z hatin', shut you mouths
it's just that real n****z ain't buyin' that shit
y'all put out
do ra mi, but we don't sing muhf***as
so murder inc. do ya thing muhf***as
you've unleashed on a team who expects nothin' less
than randb comin' from that regime
?? it's a little extreme
neck and necks with soldiers, muhf***in' marines
ja sold his soul to sing
weave eye witness team on the tv screen, chase the
greed
now that you've embraced the green
don't f*** with the triple beams
you's a muthaf***in actor slash pac impersonatin'
rapper
slash billie holliday how it happen?
artist for repetuar saw him in action
pac assassination def jam grabbed him
told him reinact him, you go platinum
they seen it for sure, i know that afina shakur
don't enjoy jeffery atkins reinactin' her boy
so i'm click clackin' this toy
mash and destroy, shady
aftermath and detroit muthaf***as
do ra me, fa so la ti da
don't blame me cuz you lost your boss's spot
mama say mama sa ma macosa
ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2pac
don't make me, too hot and you're not
shootin' at me, with the only shot you got
ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2pac
you'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop
now we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs
to the greivance and the cryin' and the intimate hugs
we don't take you serious n**** you shook you half of
a half way crook, get off x d***, go sing a hook
n****
and you can't replace the late greal one
and when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one
n**** please, stick to the script
before the guns stick to the clip, and benzino you
ain't shit but a b****
f***in' old ass ignorant innocent lookin' senior
citizen
built up, slap you like grimace, all sensitive
wait a minute, hold on
is it me or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on?
a b**** made man, now how you gonna connect with
them short ass arms like a tyrannasaurus rex?
you n****z can scream holler and curse
go ahead and respond and pull that pen and pad up
outta ya purse
slim did it simple to get at the wankstas
he told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas
what up gotti and this little war you pushed on
but you ?? the ?? for sucking your ??
what's wrong? didn't think we strong with real n****z?
roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
it's real business you ain't caught the concept
you talkin' nonsense to walk and find press
contact was blown by munsetta in the source
threaten at the boss you gon' see me on ya porch
now irv got the nerve to try to serve on us
but detroit n****z ?? and ain't scurred to bust
word to my n**** bugs, punks like you get beat up
stomped unconcious and smacked with the heater
this rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils
with d***s so much that he should be fixed with a
vagina
who's behind ya? cadillic pac or that transvestite
who dress like a lil kim fox, her chest like a little windbox
press tight on the trigger of this glock
swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat
you knock pac's songs without love to help you sleep
you got shot in your video tryin mock pac
you 'mockaveli', get your own identity
yeah!
don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again!
f***in' punk p**** little b****!
i'll f*** you up boy!
never! never in your muthaf***in life!
i'll choke the shit outchu little muthaf***in b****!
hailie can whip your muthaf***in ass!
that's right muthaf***as
shay records, whatchu know about it?
f*** benzino, f*** ja rule
n****, this obie triceright here talkin to you
muthaf***as
ja rule punk ass... yea!
f***in soul for real ass...
n**** that's soul for real,
that the n**** from soul for real!
candy rain ass n****...
he got a deal now he rappin'
you'ont know what's... f***** ass muhf***as
get money to all my real n****s, man
obie trice, d12, g unit, 50 cent...
hailie jade!!!
daddy is ja rule taller than me?
no honey, you guys are the same size..."
"i can't sing it
i feel like singin'
i wanna  sing
'cuz i'm happy
yeah, i'm happy
ha ha
i got my baby back
yo, check it out
verse 1
somedays i sit , starin' out the window
watchin' this world pass me by
sometimes i think  there's nothin' to live for i almost break down and cry
sometimes i think i'm crazy
i'm crazy, oh so crazy
why am i here, am i just wastin' my time?
but then i see my baby
suddenly i'm not crazy
it all makes sense when i look into her eyes 
chorus
sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
everyone's leanin' on me
'cuz sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
but then she comes back to me
verse 2
my baby girl keeps gettin' older
i watch her grow up with pride
people make jokes , 'cuz they don't understand me they just don't see my real side
i act like  don't phase me,
inside it drives me crazy
my insecurities could eat me alive
but then i see my baby
suddenly i'm not crazy
it all makes sense when i look into her eyes
chorus
verse 3
yeah and if i could sing, i'd keep singin' this song to my daughter
if i could hit the notes, i'd blow somethin' as long as my father
to show her how i feel about her, how proud i am that i got 'er
god, i'm a daddy, i'm so glad that her mom didn't 
now you prob'ly get this picture from my public persona
that i'm a pistol packin' drug addict who bags on his mama,
but i wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
'cuz there's a lot of  i keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' ma soul,
and just know that i grow colder the older i grow
this boulder on my shoulder that gets heavy and harder to hold
and this load is like the weight of the world
and i think my neck is breakin' should i just give up
or try to live up to these expectations? now look,
i love my daughter more than life in itself,
but i got a wife who's determined to make my life livin' hell
but i handle it well, given the circumstances i'm dealt
so many chances, man, it's too bad, coulda had someone else
but the years that i've wasted are nothin' to the tears that i've tasted
so here's what i'm facin': 3 felonies, 6 years of probation
i've went to jail for this woman, i've been to bat for this woman
i've taken bats to people's backs, bent over backwards for this woman
man, i shoulda seen it comin', what'd i stick my penis up in?
woulda ripped the pre nup if i'd seen what she was but  it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more
i got my baby, baby the only lady that i adore, hailie
so sayonara, try tomorra, nice to know ya
my baby's travelled back to the arms of her rightful owner
and suddenly it seems that my shoulder blades have just shifted
it's like the greatest gift you can get
the weight has been lifted
now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders
everyone's leanin' on me
cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier
nothin' can take her from me
outro   spoken
woo!
i told you, i can't sing.
oh well, i tried
hailie, remember when i said
if you ever need anything, daddy will be right there?
well guess what, daddy's here.
and i ain't goin' nowhere baby
i love you 
by ari szz"
"just pull the plug!!!
chorus:
people say that im a bad influence
i say the worlds already f***ed im just addin to it
they say im suicidal teenagers newest idol
come on!
do as i do
go ahead get mad and do it
people say that im a bad influence
i say the worlds already f***ed im just addin to it
they say im suicidal teenagers newest idol
come on!
do as i do
go ahead get mad and do it
hand me an 8 beam me up and land me in space
i'ma sit on top of the world and shit on brandy and mase
im more then ill scarier then a white journalist in a room with lauryn hill
human horror film
but with a lot funnier plot and people who feel me cuz i'ma still be the mad rapper weather i got money or not as long as im on pills and i got plenty of pot i'll be in a cannoe paddling making fun of your yatch
but i would like an award for the best rapper to get one mic and a source
and a woredrobe i can afford otherwise i might just send up
\""pack striking at ford\"" and you wonder what the f*** i need more vicoden for
everybody's pissing me off even a no limit tank looks like a middle finger sideways flipping me off
no shit im in grave danger to my health why else would i kill you then jump in a grave and bury myself
course
im the illest rapper to hold the \""cordless\"" patroling corners looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
im meaner in action then \""rosco\"" beating james \""star\"" sr. across the back with vaccuum cleaner attachments
i grew up in a wild hood as a hazardous youth with a f***ed up childhood that i use as an excuse and ain't shit changed i kept the same mindstate
since the 3rd time i failed 9th grade
you probably think im a negative person dont be so sure of it i dont promote violence i just encourage it i laugh at the sight of death as i fall down a cement flight of steps and land aside a bed of spider webs
so throw caution to the wind you and a friend can jump off of a bridge and if you live do it again  why not blow your brain out im blowing mine out f*** it you only live once you might as well die now course
my laser disc will make you take a razor to your wrist make you satanistic
make you take the pistol to your face
and place the clip and cock it back
and let it go until your brains
are rippin' out your skull so bad
to sew you back and be a waste of stitches
i'm not a role model, i don't wanna babysit kids
i got one little girl, and hailey jade is shady's business
and shady's just an alias i made to make you pissed off
where the f*** were you when gil was payin me to dishwash
i make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got
you made me get a bigger attitude than 80 kim scotts
and she almost got the same fate that grady's b**** got
i know that just the two of us would make you hate me this much
and just the two of us
that ain't got shit to do with us and our personal life
it's just words on a mic.
so you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig
but the funny shit is that i still go with the b****"
"yeah it's shady
a.k.a. the army
shady records
break it down
i do a lot of spittin
and i dont gotta try
but i aint got rhymes to waste
so lets make em
i aint no gangsta
i ain gotta start frontin
i just call banks up
if i need to pop somethin
i got a friend of mine
named fifity cent i signed
this shits official now
the deals is finished and it's time
to get down tot his grind
let's get these nicks and dimes
so hurry up and cop
g unit shit before its gone
its like a gold mine
for my man to take nine
and bounce right back
he gotta be like michael myers
this shit must be a sign,
these labels
must be blind
columbia i know this must
be f***in with they mind
they know they bout to cry
cause they missed out but i
know how to get the dope
cause dre gave me
a business mind
i say em a line
i hit em with a 9
i had a empty clip but they
ain't check the chambers
i aint no gangsta
i ain gotta start frontin
i just call banks up
if i need to pop somethin
but you gonna feel my shit
you gonna hit the stop button
i f*** you up a long time
you gonna get stomped stuntin
damn 50
this shits about to hit the fan 50
what the f*** happened to ja
he got the sickest vendetta
he must think that you wetta
he bought to play with his paper
you fittin to f*** with his chedda
now homie think we gonna sweat 'em
but we just gonna forget 'em
if he dont shut up we'll get 'em
let yayo stomp
his head in its all good
cause we'd rather rap in the letter
p**** play us
outta pocket homie
so tell 'em he better be easy
start some bullshit
he'll get his whole crew hit
d twizzy, obie, 50 cent, and g unit
yo he don't want it cause
he's always drugged out
you won't see no picture
where his pupils aint bugged out
damn 50   shady records
aftermath   g unit   obie
50 cent   d twizzy
a.k.a. ferrari"
"wanna take it from the top?
lady, you remind me of my raps
on that relapse shit
'cause you got an ass thick
as them accents
two asscheek implants, call that an asset
'cause you could set a glass on it,
it's massive
from the first time i saw you,
i actually said to myself
""i gotta meet her like a taxi""
exactly, love affair in the backseat
sorry if i'm being graphic,
but i'm stiff
as a statue
you sat on a shelf,
i feel like i'm a bust
maybe i'm just ahead of myself
let me slow down,
slow your camaro
i'm tryna catch up, i'm tryna jump
your bones to the marrow
got me under your control and your spell
wanna wrap you up, put you
in a bow like an arrow
grab you by the hope it's not a problem, in fact
about the only thing i agree
on with donald is that
so when i put this palm on your cat
don't snap, it's supposed to be grabbed
why do you think they call it a snatch?
i just wanna climb in the sack
i'mma keep it a hundred,
like my speedometer's at
i'm watching you rap, i'm the
dude following back
about six cars back, i'm in the 'lac
and i want to 
all day, all day, all night
you ask, i stay the night
with you, you say you're fire
me too, you're burning up
i'm running 
all day, all night
you feel, my heat feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, my heat
hate to inconvenience you at the
convenience store
but them jeans you wore,
like i've never seen before
i pretend i work there,
while i clean the floor
checking you out, like the clerk,
while he rings you up
pull up behind you,
when you're leaving
and you don't even know it
she's brushing her hair,
adjusting her mirror
she's rapping my shit,
but she wasn't aware
i was there, or maybe she was
and just didn't care
who knows? at least that ain't up in the air
it's something to see
but just like a girl
who thinks her coochie doesn't stink
if she ain't planning to do
shit, this summer's eve
maybe she wants to keep me company
but f*** the pepé le pew shit
""ain't stepping to you b****,""
i say to myself
plus she's bumping my music,
ain't chasing no tail
like a skunk in heat
i could sweat her, to some degree
but f*** it, i'm the male,
let her come to me
let her come to me,
male sweater, some degree, fail
f*** it, pull up beside her
sideswipe her, dodge vipe her
what is a asked if she wants a computer
lodged in her vagina
said my d*** is an apple
she said, ""put it inside her""
i said 
all day, all day, all night
you ask, i stay the night
with you, you say you're fire
me too, you're burning up
i'm running 
all day, all night
you feel, my heat feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, my heat
black out, come to, hands
covered in blood
motherf***ing gloves and a shovel
stuck in the mud
i just bodied the beat,
so that hoe must've been dug
'cause it just died like ""ooh,
food coloring, duh!""
so let's get turnt, like a
shish kebab, twist it, ma
like an air conditioning knob
we be great together
don't care if it takes forever
if i gotta wait, i guess it's better
late than never
you felt my heat, rubbing off on you
i love your personality
come on, little mama, you're hot
enough to melt rick's beat
come jump in the water,
i bet you get your self esteem
from your persona
with an ass to match, girl,
your body is lit
you're striking, i'm a gas
girl, you're just gonna have to
put the mother chumps on the back burner
you got buns,
i got asperger's
just let me rest my head in
between that set of ds
while i shred mcs
like cheddar cheese
that's just the thoroughbred
in me, ain't a better breed
my dog thinks so, too,
look at my pedigree
ma, the world is what i think of you
i think you're divine, so
i might swing on you
i'm just kidding girl,
i wouldn't lift a finger or two
unless it's the middle one,
to finger you
all day, all day, all night
you ask, i stay the night
with you, you say you're fire
me too, you're burning up
i'm running 
feel, feel, feel, feel,
feel, my heat
on the ones and twos, threes
and four in rick's in the cut like neosporin he's mixing it up for me and lauren
a teddy like short for theodore
we're outtie, five thousand
who the f***? it's my big d***
so everybody get ready right f***ing now"
"welcome back, to the stage of history
yo.. slim shady!
yo.. i'll puke, eat it, and freak you battle? i'm too weeded to speak to
the only key that i see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
i'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
you'll think i pulled the f***in ground out from underneath you
 i ain't no f***in g, i'm a cannibal
i ain't tryin to shoot you,
i'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers f*** the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
i'm so bananas i'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it
while i sit back and just hope it catches
blow you to fragments
laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes
chorus: j black 
i see the light at the end
but every time i take a step, it gets dim
tell me is this hell we're livin in?
if so, heaven's got to be better
but if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down
am i the worst? because i, never go to church i run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
i'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc
leave the e.r., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot
one day we all gon' die
but when i die, i'ma be so high
that i'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare
with the chalk outline still there
i smoke 'til i choke and i sex a lot
i got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock
now if i pray everynight do i still have to hold my trey very tight?
you feel me god? i done did so much shit while on earth
i smoke, i drink, i curse, and to make matters worse
i bust my gun first, and then i chat with your corpse
since way back, i was one to never like back talk
see me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a nordface
nickle nine at my waist, god done lost faith
angels greet me but i don't reply back
just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's thai at?
chorus 1/2
maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
final battle, fight!
analyze the strength of my game, like lee corso
call me a lost soul, with a vest and my torso
and of course, yo, y'all know i'm no stranger to danger
like christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
i breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
and beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
my pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
tie your wife to the back of a black jag and i drag her
ten blocks, untie the b**** and i still bag her
give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
my shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
my flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel
everyday i grow more older, and more colder
fly you to colorado, roll you over with a boulder
i know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
cause you f***in with some n****z like this who just don't care
chorus
but every time i take a step, it gets dim..
tell me is this hell we're livin in?
haha..
time's up!
you lose!"
"hello... allow me to introduce myself... my name is, shady.
it's so nice to meet you...it's been a long time...
sorry i've been away so long...
my name is, shady... i never meant to leave you
you see that chick in the gym, checkin' me out
any second i'm 'bout to stick her neck in my mouth
i lose a pill, and i'm wrecklessly wreckin' the house
that was supposed to be breakfast, where the heck is it now?
there's the neckless i lost right next to stephanie's blouse
man i should check to see if my mom left any out
nope, guess i'll re route
maybe somewhere in the depths of the couch
opp, jackpot, yeah, open sesame mouth
down the hatchet, and the feelin' you can't match it
i rat tat tap on your door with the damn ratchet
ata tac tacking' a whore with the damn hatchet
a knapsack pack with like 40some xanax's
shorty come back, i'm tryn' score me some lap dances
i'm bout to relapse, so baby pour me some jack daniels
forumla 44d and 40's with mad capsules
the bad apple spoils the bunch, i'm back at ya
girl i don't mean any harm all i wanted to do is just say hello
and are you menstruating baby, my lil' friends waitin' to say hello
the way your titties are wiggling and your booties shakin' like jello
girl i don't mean any harm all i wanted to do is just say hello
yeah
my equilibrium's off, must be the lithium
i don't need to buy any drugs, man people give me 'em
it just becomes everyday, extra curriculum
no reason inparticular, it was strictly fun
a 5th of rum and 2 bottles of 151
51 people asleep in my damn living room
excuse me hun, but what is your name, vivienne?
i woke up next to ya naked and err, did we um
of course we did, but didn't i strap a jimmy hun?
i'm looking for the torn rapper but there don't seem to be one
no offense baby girl, i don't mean any harm
but disease is something i'm tryna keep my penis free from
i find the package and i'm cool, i immediately run
like speedy gonzales, see if i see anyone
who might have a couple of 3's i'm fiendin' for some
my head is pounding to the beat of the drum
girl i don't mean any harm all i wanted to do is just say hello
and do ya happen to have anything on ya to make my mood mellow?
some are oval and some are pink,
some are blue and some are just yellow
girl i don't mean any harm all i wanted to do is just say hello
oh, those were the days, they certainly were
it's hurtin' me to know that i'll be closin' that curtain for good
word, word, word, word, word, word, word
i second that and a third, rushed to emergency surgery
to try to flush me because of the drugs that he purchased
he's no longer getting them free, 100 bucks for these percodans
plus it's getting to be where he lustfully searched the den
pain is hitting his knee and his muscles be hurting him
tirelessly on the phone trying to russle up, muscle relaxants
for his back, and a couple of pax's, now he's doubling backwards
and he's stumbling back, slipped and fell, hit his back bone
heard something go crack, now he's up in the bathroom
like he's busting a nap, almost ended it that soon
because of the fact, i'm just busting my own chops
while i'm busting a rap, resuscitated and rejuved, so f*** it i'm back
girl i don't mean any harm all i wanted to do is just say hello
and do ya happen to have anything on ya to make my mood mellow?
some are oval and some are pink,
some are blue and some are just yellow
girl i don't mean any harm all i wanted to do is just say hello
and so i'm sayin' hello... allow me to introduce myself...
my name is, shady.
it's so nice to meet you...it's been a long time...
sorry i've been away so long...
my name is, shady... i never meant to leave you
by: guigs
corrigido by: luiz eduardo simas"
"aiyyo head, that's why i f***ed your mother you fat motherf***er!
kill whitey!   hahaha
kill whitey!   detroit! what? what?
kill whitey!   .. yo, yo
kill whitey!   haha! look
first off, f*** your songs and the shit you say
diss my wife, but at least i got a b****, you g**
you claim to be a muslim but you irish white
so f*** you fat boy, drop the mic, let's fight
plus i punch you in the chest, weak hearts i rip
whitey ford, forty and white, lethargic ass d***head
i keep 'em comin while you runnin out of breath
steady duckin while i'm punchin at your chest, you need to rest
dilated, go ask your people how i leave ya
with your three cd's, nobody sees, when they released
evidence, don't f*** around with
real
mc's
who ain't ready for no underground beef, so f*** geeks
i let you f*****s know it's on for life
but everlast might die tonight, haha
fat boy murdered on wax and killed
f*** with me and take a heart pill, you know!
grab 380's when you see slim shady
call the doctor to heal your heart
they shocked you back to life at the clinic
but you 'bout to get relapsed any minute
honkey, i hit 'em up!
hahaha, yo
check
this out
you f*****s ain't even on my level
i'ma let d 12 ride on you b**** made ass f*****s!
yo! get out the way yo, get out the way yo
whitey ford's heart just stopped
eminem shocked him back, he had another heart attack
whitey ford's gettin his ass floored for talkin back
little f***** hamburgular, i show you where the burgers are
at your own restaraunt, while i'm servin ya
drop and stomp your whole heart 'til it stops
call the cops, i'ma beat your ass while they watch
ha ha, now we got the whole industry makin fun of you erik
where's your house of pain now? there's only one of you erik
you a petty coward, you ain't ready to steady go a round
with some killers from 7 mile to the motherf***in belle isle bridge
got in his ass and now this f***** wanna mention me still
this ain't no freestyle battle everlast gettin killed
with his chest open
tryin to throw a f***in punch, but you just chokin
havin a stroke and now you learn why crackers never earned a dime
cause you suck motherf***er you should learn to rhyme
talkin 'bout you packin pistols but it's funny to me
you ain't never been in trouble, you just wanna be me
i'm a paleface killer whale
on his way to f***in prison, pistol whippin tail, ha
erik remember when i passed you in the lobby that day?
that shit was obvious you probably was g**, ha
now it's all about country, you gave up hip hop
forty nine thousand copies, the week your shit drop
while my
sales
makin records break
two and a half million scanned by the second week
motherf***er i hit 'em up!
i'm from detroit's pemberton ave., where bullets tear you in half
f*** the music, we got an uzi for all you f**s
get the shit out of our stereo, dilated you violated
now you 'bout to get annihilated, we gon' bury you
iriscience get choked up and yoked up
all you underground b****es get your throats cut
what the f***?! is you stupid?
i choke whitey ford with his f***in guitar cord
and
stuff
him in cardboard, chopped up in a box
with sixteen parts, i stomped on his heart
d 12, amityville, f*** your mother while you watch
keep your restaraunt locked and block your door
cause we ""hit 'em up"" like motherf***in tupac shakur
you a, ""black jesus,"" heart attack seizures
too many cheeseburgers mcdonald's big mac greases
white devil, washed up honkey
mixed up cracker who crossed over to country
yo, aiyyo cut this shit off
f*** him, that's it, i'm done"
"so i chose, huh
you got a phone,
pick it up and call me
how come, we don't even talk no mo',
and you don't even call no mo',
we don't barely keep in touch at all,
and i don't even feel the same love when we hug no mo',
and i heard it through the grape vine we even beefin' now,
after all the years we've been down,
ain't no way, no how,
this bullshit can't be true,
we family, aint a damn thing change unless it's you
we were so young,
so full of life and vivrance,
side by side wherever you was ridin', i went,
so close or most us some bonnie and clyde shit,
when ronnie died you was right by my side,
with a shoulder to cry on and a tissue to wipe my eyes,
and a bucket to catch every tear i cried inside it,
you even had the same type of childhood i did,
sometimes i just wanna know why,
is it that you sur came to yours,
and mine i survived it,
you ran the streets i nine to fived it,
we grew up, grew apart this time went by us,
then i blew up to both yours and mine surprises,
now i feel the vibe i just cant describe it,
much as your pride tries to hide it,
you're cold your touch is just like ice,
and your eyes is the look of resentment,
i can sense it and i don't like it
it was my dream at first to be all spittin the verse,
on my own album with a deal but shit got worse,
so i came out i would'a killed a n**** first,
'fore i let him disrespect me,
or check me up with somethin' worse,
some b**** that i wasn't with,
i would'a hit her to would'a quit,
but you were plain talkin' to her,
and tell her she was the shit,
i told you don't get involved with her,
you were smoking the cron'c with her,
coming out'a the bar with her,
stumblin' hands drunk,
like devil's husband or wife or somthin',
but me catchin' he f***in' other n****,
must've hurt your pride or somthin',
'cause you wolf i fit them after people,
like you want it with me,
when all i tried to do is show you that your b**** was shifty,
and lyrics is the fans and all the shit that i produce,
you actin' like i ain't your man,
and lyin' like she can't be loose,
but i am really your friend,
i'm just trying to tell you the truth,
don't hate the game or the playa',
the one that's changin is you
we gettin lonely at the top
cuz my homie had to stop
now we actin like i gotta live only for the block
and homies in the hood only see me on the tube
so they gossip on the porch, get ta speakin all rude
fools i used to rap with, all expect magic
like my finger get ta snappin and it just happen
but proof its just actin, at the party were stoned
shady made it so my babys aint starvin at home
see the devil in your grin, since the ghetto we been friends
forever, real intelegience, thats forever till the end
i peep the hatred in your eyes and the satan in your lie
aint wastin my time with these snakes in disguise
 when you talk its with bitter respite
 its my fault for what you did with your life
and every time i go to hear you and play you look away
we barely embrace, you cant even look me in my face"
"you still love me?
take this.... 2 guns cock
you ready ? 1.. 2.. 3! 2 bangs
the more you, put me through,
the more it makes me wanna come back to you,
you say you hate me, i just love you more,
you don't want me, i just want you more,
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me,
i know it's sad but it's makin me happy,
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on,
cuz you love me, and i love you more.
it's sick, but who could ever predict,
we'd be doin' the same shit,
we say we do it for our baby but we don't,
we do it for us, it's lust,
cuz neither one of us trusts each other,
so we f*** 'til we bust,
then we cuss each other, out,
we know what it's about,
shout 'til i throw you out the house,
you throw me out the house,
i throw you on the couch,
punch you in the mouth,
fist fight 'til we turn this mother out,
and apologize after,
laughter, pain, it's insane,
we're back in the same chapter again,
and it's sad but it's true,
when i'm layin' here with you,
there ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do.
the more you, put me through,
the more it makes me wanna come back to you,
you say you hate me, i just love you more,
you don't want me, i just want you more,
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me,
i know it's sad but it's makin me happy,
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on,
cuz you love me, and i love you more.
cuz i hate you, do you hate me?
good cuz you're so f***in' beautiful when you're angry,
it makes me wanna just take you,
and just throw you on the bed,
and f*** you like i don't even know you,
you f*** other people, and i f*** other people,
you a slut but i'm equal, i'm a mutt,
we're both evil in our ways,
but neither one of us would ever admit it,
cuz one of us would have one up on the other,
so forget it,
we can make accusations, people spread rumors,
but they ain't got proof,
'til they do it's just the two of us,
it's you and me, cuz any chick can say that she's screwin' me,
but you gotta believe me to a degree,
cuz if you didn't i wouldn't be hittin' it,
yeah i would cuz the sex is too damn good,
if i ran who would i run to,
that would be this soft and warm,
so it's off and on, usually more off than on,
but at least we know that we share this common bond,
you're the only one i can f*** without a condom on,
i hope, the only reason that i cope,
is cuz of that fact,
and plus i can bust in that,
and that's why...
the more you, put me through,
the more it makes me wanna come back to you,
you say you hate me, i just love you more,
you don't want me, i just want you more,
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me,
i know it's sad but it's makin me happy,
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on,
cuz you love me, and i love you more.
i could never understand it,
that's why i don't try,
>from junior high until we both die,
it's silly ho why must we try,
is it really so rough,
that we must always call each other's billy goat's gruff,
try to pull each other's legs,
until the other begs,
we're liein' to ourselves,
that's the beauty of it yeah,
cuz we truly love each other,
that's why we always fight,
and all we do is shove each other,
every other f***in' night,
and it's clear it ain't gonna change,
it's pent up rage,
we both have,
we both feel like we've been upstaged by someone else,
we've both been,
someone else's someone else,
problem is neither one wants help,
it's an addiction and it can't be fixed,
our family's mixed up,
there's a baby sister in the mix,
and it hurts cuz the pieces to the puzzle don't fit,
and anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit,
and they're probably just tired of hearin' it all the time,
on every song, every lyric, and every rhyme,
all the hoopla, all of the whoopdy whoop,
what you put me through, f***in' whoopdy doo,
but i won't be made a fool of,
if this is true love,
you wouldn't do what,
you did last time,
you wouldn't screw up,
this time,
cuz this time girl,
i'm tellin you what,
you do it again i'm f***in you up,
no matter what...
what you say, what you do,
i'ma hunt you down 'til i find you,
no matter where you run, i'll be right there,
right behind you, in your nightmares,
all the flowers, and the candy,
all the times that you threw it back at me,
you say you hate me, you gon' hate me more,
when you find out, can't escape me whore.
the more you, put me through,
the more it makes me wanna come back to you,
you say you hate me, i just love you more,
you don't want me, i just want you more,
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me,
i know it's sad but it's makin me happy,
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on,
cuz you love me, and i love you more."
"i'm about to lose my mind
you've been gone for so long
i'm running out of time
i need a doctor
call me a doctor
i need a doctor, doctor
to bring me back to life
i told the world, one day i would pay it back.
say it on tape and lay it, record it,
so that one day i could play it back.
but i don't even know if i believe it when i'm saying that.
doubt startin' to creep in,
everyday it's just so grey and black.
hope, i just need a ray of that
'cause no one sees my vision
when i play it for 'em, they just say it's wack.
but they don't know what dope is.
and i don't know if i was awake or asleep when i wrote this.
all i know is you came to me when i was at my lowest.
you picked me up, breathed new life in me.
i owe my life to you.
before the life of me,
i don't see why you don't see like i do.
but it just dawned on me; you lost a son.
see this light in you? it's dark.
let me turn on the lights
and brighten me and enlighten you.
i don't think you realize what you mean to me,
not the slightest clue.
'cause me and you, we're like a crew.
i was like your sidekick.
you gon' either wanna fight
when i get off this f cking mic,
or you gon' hug me.
but i'm out of options,
there's nothing else i can do cause...
i'm about to lose my mind
you've been gone for so long
i'm running out of time
i need a doctor
call me a doctor
i need a doctor, doctor
to bring me back to life
it hurts when i see you struggle.
you come to me with ideas.
you say that these are pieces, so i'm puzzled.
'cause the sh t i hear is crazy,
but you're either getting lazy,
or you don't believe in you no more.
seems like your own opinions,
not one you can form.
can't make a decision,
you keep questioning yourself,second guessing,
and it's almost like your begging for my help.
like, i'm your leader.
you're supposed to f cking be my mentor.
i can endure no more!
i demand you remember who you are!
it was you, who believed in me,
when everyone was telling you, don't sign me.
everyone at the f cking label,
let's tell the truth.
you risked your career for me,
i know it as well as you.
nobody wanted to f ck with the white boy...
dre, i'm crying in this booth.
you saved my life,
now maybe it's my time to save yours.
but i can never repay you,
what you did for me is way more.
but i ain't giving up faith,
and you ain't giving up on me.
get up dre! i'm dying,
i need you, come back for f ck's sake
i'm about to lose my mind
you've been gone for so long
i'm running out of time
i need a doctor
call me a doctor
i need a doctor, doctor
to bring me back to life...
it literally feels like a lifetime ago
but i still remember the sh t
like it was just yesterday though
you walked in, yellow jump suit
whole room, cracked jokes
once you got inside the booth, told you, like smoke
went through friends,
some of them i put on
but they just left,
they said was riding to the death
but where the f ck are they now
now that i need them, i don't see none of them
all i see is slim
f ck all you fairweather friends
all i need is him
f cking backstabbers
when the chips were down, you just laughed at us
now you bout to feel the f cking wrath of aftermath, f*****s
you gon' see us in our lab jackets
and ask where the f ck we been?
you can kiss my indecisive ass crack maggots
and the crackers ass
little cracker jack beat making wack math,
backwards producers, i'm back bastards
one more cd and then i'm packing up my bags
and as i leave
and i guarantee they'll scream,
dre don't leave us like that man cause...
im about to lose my mind
you've been gone for so long
i'm running out of time
i need a doctor
call me a doctor
i need a doctor, doctor
to bring me back to life"
"ya mother...f***in' f*****.
hey yo...this next song is dedicated to the memory of erik schrody.
rest in peace.
we'll never forget about you...f***in homo.
we'll still remember.
there once was a man who liked to jump around.  but he got too old to jump up and down. so he put the mic down and picked a guitar up. started singin the blues like there was no tomorrow. left his boys in the house of pain.  it was the wisest decision he ever made. but the dumbest thing that he could ever do.  was try ta punk a 380 on thoes that act shady, tell me now whatchu
gonna do.  
cuz i remember all those years how it was when you were here i remember how it was how it was when you were young yesterday was so long ago kid rock and limp bizkit came along now dont nobody wanna hear your
old ass sing no more.
i remember back when you had the knack.  and i remember when you had your first heart attack. i was right there laughin' when i heard the news. i just wish the cardiac would've murdered you. maybe ice t's right, you are a b****. you come around when your broke and you leave when your rich
 but the dumbest thing you could ever do was try ta punk a 380 on thoes that act shady tell me now whatchu gonna
do. 
cuz i remember all those years. how it was when you were here. i remember how it was. how it was when you were young.
yesterday was so long ago. kid rock and limp bizkit came along now dont nobody wanna hear your
old ass sing no more. 
remember back in '94,
like right before miss everlast was whitey ford,
before his heart attack had him on life support. when house of pain was out of fame,
like someone doused the flame,
and they became destined
to never jump around again.
or even further back,
when i first had heard the knack,
when you were down with syndicate.
i went to get the shit,
man i was into it.
but then you went, and took your style, and switched the shit.
now you sound ridiculous.
you d***less piece of shit.
how could you diss me b****? i liked you.
thought you was alright for a white dude.
remember sway and tech when i came up and sat beside you,
started rhymin' then you left the room and didnt say goodbye or nuthin.
like you mad that someone else was white and tryin' ta rhyme
or somethin'.
i'm sorry man, i wasn't tryin ta steal your light or nuthin.
but your a homosexual, white rappin' irish man i wish i was irish, i could be a  too.
then i'd be confused as you,
and i wouldn't know what to do.
what's up witchu?
i never f***ed witchu,
why would you f*** with me?
knowin' i could rap circles around you,
what? is you nuts as me?
plus i can sing better than you,
and i don't f***in' sing.
and probably play guitar better,
and i aint never touched a string.
but i aint mad at you.
i'd hate me too if i was you.
i'm what you used to be.
shit you was me in '92.
so every time i write a lyric, i'ma think of you.
and maybe that'll help me know what it's like to sing the blues.
cuz i remember all those years.
how it was when you were here. i remember how it was. how it was when you were young. yesterday was so long ago. kid rock and limp bizkit came along now dont nobody wanna hear your
old ass sing no more.
cuz i remember all those years. how it was when you were here. i remember how it was. how it was when you were young.
yesterday was so long ago. kid rock and limp bizkit came along now dont nobody wanna hear your
old ass sing no more.
f***in homo f***in f***** sissy and by the way,
380's a f***in' sissy gun. you gonna shoot somebody use a f***in' real gun. little b****.
next time say my f***in' name in the song.
dont be subliminal about it. you gonna diss, me f***in' diss me, f***in f*****.
f***in' punk p****.
f***in' little b****.
f***in' c***.
little f***in...f***."
" yeah! guess who it is!
aiyyo dre! i think they in trouble! scott storch! why you have to do it like this to them?!
feels like a new day
 listen, now every time i come and i hit you n****z with shit regardless
you get r*****ed and then the n****z ain't got a clue
on how the f*** i do what i do and say what i say
and spit what i spit you ain't never even gotta question who
cause you know that i'm the only n**** that can ever come
and spitefully turn the place in to a motherf***in zoo
then i come and i spit all crazy sh sh sh shit
and m m m make n n n****z do exactly what i want 'em to
from my point of view instead of trying to step up
you still trying to play catch up and keep up with the way a n**** grew
these n****z panick and freakin get schizophrenic and let they emotions out
and i doubt they can ever test my crew
take a second check it i wreckon my records are better than
whatever record you recorded that's why ya shit is through you f***in idiot i don't think you get it
i'm one of the greatest ever period every syllable is true
now if you ain't runnin you ain't handicappin your vision
i think it's simple enough think that it's really plain to see
no matter how much you try, no matter how much you make an effort
you n****z can never ever really f*** with me
cause i'll hurt you, and i will learn you a thing or two
and i'll hurt you, and i'll finish your career for you, i'll
shit on a mic and do do, my doo doo
you do not have a fightin chance to move you you were covered in my poo poo
smothered in my manure while i spit saliva fluid do do do do do do
g g g goobers secluded you
you don't have a clue as to what we're about to do do you
so just sit back and watch somethin you just gon have an a chew
you just made me sneeze i'm allergic to beats like these
please excuse me my allergies are actin up thanks a lot scott
your probably wonderin why there's thunderin everyone
is runnin and duckin up under everything up on the block
cause bus a bus and flipmode just tip toed into the club
with shady quietly tryin not to start up a riot with doc
but since we always started we might as well have a party
so gather 'round everybody come on lets get our drink on
and you ain't got to do nothin special for this occasion
just reach in the closet put somethin on and get to the club
now if you ain't runnin you ain't handicappin your vision
i think it's simple enough think that it's really plain to see
no matter how much you try, no matter how much you make an effort
you n****z can never ever really f*** with me
cause i'll hurt you, and i will learn you a thing or two
and i'll hurt you, and i'll finish your career for you, i'll
catch you n****z and snatch you n****z you bunch of bumblin fools
who got me rumblin dudes all way down the block
keep on stumblin and jumblin over their words and vowels
throw in the towel see you n****z is on the clock
and you runnin out of time see i'm tired of all y'all
m m m mumblin m m mumblin n n n**** i got it locked
every single time you put my shit in your cd player and turn up the volume
you bang your head because your shit is not
i   continue with crumblin n****z and tumblin n****z
you struggle while i humble a n**** with the glock
then i watch you while i'll keep on fumblin while i got you tr tr tremblin
for one of my n****z bust ya head with a rock
before i start to do another thing then to make you crown me the king
with such a butter swing n**** follow the flock
now watch my brotha bring all my diamonds to summer bling
while i'm climbin and f*** her then tell you b**** to get off my yacht
now if you ain't runnin you ain't handicappin your vision
i think it's simple enough think that it's really plain to see
no matter how much you try, no matter how much you make an effort
you n****z can never ever really f*** with me
cause i'll hurt you, and i will learn you a thing or two
and i'll hurt you, and i'll finish your career for you, i'll"
"i'll shit on you
da da, da da, da da
i'll shit on you
i will shit on you
i'll shit on you
girl you know its true
i'll shit on you
b**** or man
i'll shit on you
i will shit on you
i remain fatter than gluttony
taping bombs to the back of record companies
blow them up if they ain't want me
the national guard, they scared to hunt me
i love beef; i got you hoes duckin me
a drug thief, b**** i'll take your marijuana
these slugs with keep your ass away from my corner
i drown n****s in hundred degree saunas
you can act a fool if you wanna it's this lyrical piranha
strapped with a grenade, in the pool with your mama
attack her by the legs then i pull her to the bottom
twist nothin up like a condom
slap it if you f***ers got a problem
when i see them, you hoes ending up in a f***in mausoleum
or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold bm
pull in the garage while you screamin
keep the motor on then i'm leaving i'll shit on you!
chorus: eminem
i will shit on you i don't care who you are
i don't give a f*** about you or your car
f*** your house, f*** your jewelry and f*** your watch
f*** your wife, f*** your kids, f*** your family
i'm a alcoholic with the f***ing toilet
pass the hot dogs b**** shut your f***ing mouth
i'ma keep eating 'till richard simmons comes to my house
with a chain saw to cut me out
i'll f*** your wife
i had sex since i met her
i'm to busy f***ing, your 12 year old baby sitter
and all women ain't shit
only good for cooking, cleaning
and sucking d*** and thats it i was responsible for killing john candy
i got jonbenet ramsey in my ninety eight camry
i don't give a f*** who you are
i'll shit on anybody
truly yours the idiotic bizarre
my adolescent years weren't shit 'till what i do now
i never grew up i was born grown, and grew down
the older i get, the dumber the shit, i get in
the more ignorant, the incident, is i fit in
ignoring the shit how boring it gets
when there's no one to hit
i don't know when to quit throwing a fit
i know i'm a bit flaky but they make me
its they who raised me and say the can take me
its they who legs i brake and make achy
its they who mistake me and make me so angry
 i'll spit on you
start pissing and do the opposite on you
you weren't listening, i said i'll cop a squat on you
start spilling my guts like chicken cordon blew and
straight shit like notorious b.i.g. did to that b****
on his skit on his last album
pull my pants down and..
chorus
is richard pryor still alive?
if not i'm sicker than he was prior to him dying born brainless, this steel ain't stainless
your bloodstains are all over this steel god dang it
b**** bring it, these n****s that i hang with
will hang you up naked by your ankles dangling
my need i stay strangling
i don't need your help
if you gon' give me the p****
i'll un loosen my belt i'll punch your daddy not, your mom's kinda cock
your sister tends court, your aunt supply her rocks
buck fifty cross your neck
floss your teck, i'll beat you with it across your chest
it's only right i jack your car keys and run
spent all of my advancements on weed and guns
for fun, when i'm drunk
i'll run a truck through the weed house
jump out and beat your peeps down worst than steve stout
put you in chokeholds i learned last week
from the police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep
i see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl
thats like d bo fightin peablo bryson so what you hollering and yelling about
i'll reach in your mouth and pull your f***ing skeleton out
n****s get hit with a two piece, ""bling bling""
with a poisonous sting
i'm such a violent thing
chorus
once i get on two, hits of x
my disk slips and disconnects
'till i walk around this b**** with a twisted neck
but still shit on the first b**** who disrespects
over reaction is my only reaction
which only sets off a chain reaction
and puts five more zainiac than maniacs in action
a rat pack in black jackets who pack ten
nine millimeters, five criminals pulling heaters
and spilling liters of blood like swimming pools
shiesty individuals shoot at b****es too a lot of people say misoginistic which is true
i can't deny it matter of fact i stand by it
so please stand by it before we start up a damn riot
if you don't wanna get stampeded then stand quiet
boy girl dog woman man child
i'll shit on you!
i will shit on you i don't care who you are
i'll shit on you
i don't give a f*** about you or your car
i'll shit on you
f*** your house, f*** your jewelry and f*** your watch
i'll shit on you
i will f*** you wife if you f*** with me
i'll shit on you
you heard me b****, i'll shit on you
d 12 will shit on you
i'll shit on you
your life
your wife
your kids
your car
i'll shit on you
your house
your spouse
your rings
your things
i'll shit on you
i'll shit on you
i'll shit on you
i'll shit on you"
"chorus: eminem 
that's why they call me slim shady i'm back   i'm back
i murder a rhyme one word at a time
you never, heard of a mind as perverted as mine
you better, get rid of that nine, it ain't gonna help
what good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?
i'm waiting for hell like hell shit i'm anxious as hell
manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail
i used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
thirteen i was putting shells in a gauge on a shelf
i used to, get punked and bullied on my block
'til i cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox
 i used to give a   f***, now i could give a f*** less
what do i think of suc cess? it sucks, too much press i'm stressed
too much stares two breasts, too upset
it's just too much mess, i guess i must just blew up quick grew up quick  was raised right
whatever you say is wrong, whatever i say is right
you think of my name now whenever you say, ""hi""
became a commodity because i'm w h i 
 t e, cuz mtv was so friendly to me
can't wait 'til kim sees me
now is it worth it? look at my life, how is it perfect?
read my lips b****, what, my mouth isn't working?
you hear this finger? oh it's upside down
here, let me turn this motherf***er up right now
chorus
i take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it
just to see if he's influenced by me if he listens to music
and if he feeds into this shit he's an innocent victim
and becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe
 my name is slim shady
i been crazy way before radio didn't play me
the sensational with ken kaniff, who just finds the men edible
it's ken kaniff on the, internet
tryin to, lure your kids with him, into bed
it's a, sick world we live in these days
""slim for pete's sakes put down christopher reeve's legs!""
geez, you guys are so sensitive
""slim it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it""
mind with no sense in it, fried to get so frenetic
whose eyes get so squinted, i'm blind from smoking 'em
with my windows tinted, with nine limos rented
doin lines of coke in 'em, with a bunch of guys hopping out
all high and indo scented and that's where i get my name from, that's why they call me
chorus
i take seven  from , stand 'em all in line
add an ak 47, a revolver, a nine
a mack 11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
and that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time
cause  shady, they call me as crazy
as the world was over this whole y2k thing
and by the way, n'sync, why do they sing?
am i the only one who realizes they stink?
should i dye my hair pink and care what y'all think?
lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings?
it's why i tend to block out when i hear things
cause all these fans screamin is makin my ears ring so i just, throw up a middle finger and let it linger
longer than the rumor that i was stickin it to christina
cause if i ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
it'd be jennifer lopez, and puffy you know this!
i'm sorry puff, but i don't give a f*** if this chick was my own mother
i still f*** her with no rubber and cum inside her
and have a son and a new brother at the same time
and just say that it ain't mine, what's my name?
chorus
guess who's b back, back
gue gue guess who's back  guess who's back
 gue  guess who's back
d 12  guess who's back
gue, gue gue gue, guess who's back
dr. dre  guess who's back
back back  back
slim shady, 2001
i'm blew out from this blunt  f***"
"oh
oh
i said oh
i said oh
i said man
damn oh dammit please couldn't he back
i am having a relapse
how the hell did he manage to get more felony
charges?
he's already got life in jail man, what the hell is his problem?
well to be honest the smell of this chronic, leaves make me hella demonic
they compelled me to kill this elderly man, and
i get these these panic attacks, pop a xanax relax!
tryna' stick my f***in' d*** inside a mannequin's
ass
then i get manic depressed, see the orthodontist get gas masked
kick ass, the first thing i put on is the mask.
speaking of mask, man it ain't too late to have a
change of pace,
and take it off and show my face, so you can see the things you facin'
slice you up and cook you after you're murdered by
strangulation
that's bacon soufflé you makin' ain't you? but thank you jason
there goes one more coma, due to blunt force trauma
just give me one more soma, and i'll be done for it mama
go in the damn broom closet, another valium lawsuit
shove in the vacuum nozzle, down the bathroom faucet
it seems like every day i get a little flakier,
the medication is makin' my hands a little shakier
hand me that 18 month old baby, to shake him up
it'll only take me a, second to choke his trachea
breaking his neck in eightysome places, baby he's
shady comes lady
he's got the razor b blades and the
ch ch chain ch saw, baby
you b b blundering bumbling mu mu mumbling dumb
dumbs
yea, here i come come, you here the rumbling?
vrum vrum?
there's something inside of that blue tub and that
drum drum
my head and torso is someone, where'd it come from?
who's it belong to maybe the girl with the long
blonde?
hair who disappeared and left the cheerleader
pom poms
clearly there's somin' wrong, ?cos she didn't come
home
she's missin,' where is she? somethin' fishy is goin' on!
i guess he stuck the b****, with the pitchfork, with the long prongs
now everybody get your dance on to my dance song,
come on!"
"i'm not afraid to take a stand
everybody come take my hand
well walk this road together, through the storm
whatever weather, cold or warm
just let you know that, you're not alone
holla if you feel like youve been down the same road
yeah, its been a ride
i guess i had to go to that place to get to this one
now some of you might still be in that place
if youre trying to get out, just follow me
i'll get you there
you can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before i lay em
but you wont take the sting out these words before i say em
cause aint no way im let you stop me from causing mayhem
when i say em or do something i do it, i dont give a damn
what you think, im doing this for me, so f*** the world
feed it beans, its gassed up, if it thinks its stopping me
imma be what i set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
and all those who look down on me im tearing down your balcony
no if ands or buts dont try to ask him why or how can he
from infinite down to the last relapse album hes still shittin and
whether hes on salary, paid hourly
until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
whichever comes first, for better or worse
hes married to the game, like a f*** you for christmas
his gift is a curse, forget the earth hes got the urge
to pull his d*** from the dirt and f*** the whole universe
i'm not afraid to take a stand
everybody come take my hand
well walk this road together, through the storm
whatever weather, cold or warm
just let you know that, you're not alone
holla if you feel like youve been down the same road
ok quit playin with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
i shouldnt have to rhyme these words in the rhythm for you to know its a rap
you said you was king, you lied through your teeth
for that f*** your feelings, instead of getting crowned youre getting capped
and to the fans, ill never let you down again, im back
i promise to never go back on that promise, in fact
lets be honest, that last relapse cd was ehhhh
perhaps i ran them accents into the ground
relax, i aint going back to that now
all im tryna say is get back, click clack blaow
cause i aint playin around
theres a game called circle and i dont know how
im way too up to back down
but i think im still tryna figure this crap out
thought i had it mapped out but i guess i didnt
this f***ing black clouds still follows me around
but its time to exercise these demons
these motherf***ers are doing jumping jacks now!
i'm not afraid to take a stand
everybody come take my hand
well walk this road together, through the storm
whatever weather, cold or warm
just let you know that, you're not alone
holla if you feel like youve been down the same road
and i just cant keep living this way
so starting today, im breaking out of this cage
im standing up, imma face my demons
im manning up, imma hold my ground
ive had enough, now im so fed up
time to put my life back together right now
it was my decision to get clean, i did it for me
admittedly i probably did it subliminally for you
so i could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through
and dont even realise what you did, believe me you
i been through the ringer, but they can do little to the middle finger
i think i got a tear in my eye, i feel like the king of
my world, haters can make like bees with no stingers, and drop dead
no more beef flingers, no more drama from now on, i promise
to focus solely on handling my responsibilitys as a father
so i solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters and raise it
you couldnt lift a single shingle on it
cause the way i feel, im strong enough to go to the club
or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up
cause im raising the bar, i shoot for the moon
but im too busy gazing at stars, i feel amazing and
i'm not afraid to take a stand
everybody come take my hand
well walk this road together, through the storm
whatever weather, cold or warm
just let you know that, you're not alone
holla if you feel like youve been down the same road"
"who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough told you how to slap dips and murder your girl gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl
sold a billion tapes and still screamed f*** the world
, so come and kill me while my name's hot
and shoot me twenty five times in the same spot think i've got a generation brainwashed
to pop pills and smoke pot till they brains rot stop they blood flow until they veins clot
i need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch
purple haze and acid raindrops
spike the punch at the party and drain pop shaved my armpits and wore a tank top
bad boy, i told you that i can't stop
gotta make 'em fear you before you make 'em feel you
so everybody buy my shit or i’ma come and kill you
i got mushrooms, i got acid, i got tabs and aspirin tablets
i'm your brother when you need some new weed to set you free
you know me i'm your friend when you need a mintin’
i'm shady
i like happy things, i'm really calm and peaceful i like birds, bees, i like people
i like funny things that make me happy and gleeful
like when my teacher sucked my wee wee in preschool the ill type, i stab myself with a steel spike
while i blow my brain out just to see what it feels like
and this is how i am in real life
i don't want to just die a normal death, i wanna be killed twice how you wanna scare somebody with a gun threat
when they're high off of drugs they haven't even done yet
so bring the money by tonight
cause your wife says this is the biggest knife
she ever saw in her life i try to keep it positive and play it cool
shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school cause i'm the one they can relate to and look up to better
tonight i think i'll write my biggest fan a f*** you letter
i got mushrooms, i got acid, i got tabs and aspirin tablets
i'm your brother when you need some new weed to set you free
you know me i'm your friend when you need a mintin’
i'm shady
i listen to your demo tape and act like i don't like it six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit people don't buy shit no more they just dub it
that's why i'm still broke and had the number one club hit but they love it when you make your business public
so f*** it, i've got herpes while we're on the subject and if i told you i had aids y'all would play it
cause you stupid motherf***ers think i'm playing when i say it
well, i do take pills, don't do speed
don't do crack, don't do coke, i do smoke weed
don't do smack, i do do shrooms
do drink beer, i just wanna make a few things clear
my baby mama's not dead , she's still alive and b****ing and i don't have herpes, my d***'s just itching
it's not syphilis, and as for being aids infested
i don't know yet, i'm too scared to get tested
i got mushrooms, i got acid, i got tabs and aspirin tablets
i'm your brother when you need some new weed to set you free
you know me i'm your friend when you need a mintin’
i'm shady
i told you i was shady
y'all didn't wanna believe me
i'm shady
and that's my name
eminem"
"artist: big kap + funkmaster flex f/ eminem
check check, 1,2 , 1,2 1,2yea yea yea dr. dre up in here y'all know what this is.
its what y'all been waiting for funk master flex, big kap,
def jam records giving it to you baby.
yo eminem show these mother f***ers what time it is baby
i used to be a lonely man, only mad, until i got a million dollars, shit
now if i only had some f***ing hair i'd pull it, faster than a bullet
out of tupac's chest before the ambulance came too late to do it
i'm trying to grow it back again, it was an accident
i had my back against the fan and chopped it off in amsterdam
i hate the straight jacket it aint latching, and can't lock it
so they stapled my hand to my pants pockets
the cell's padded and battered like someone else had it
before me, and just kept throwing they f***ing selfs at it
my head is aching, i'm dedicated to medication
but this med is taking to long to bring me this sedadation? anyway i got down with dre the first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray
running up and down the street screaming, ""f*** the police""
when you still had your mother's f***ing nipple stuck in your teeth
 became a role model after colorado
now all they do is follow me around and holla bravo!
hell yea i punch my b**** and beat my kids in public
suck my d***, b****
i'm sick enough to f*** a man in his face but i won't
cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place
so put a sock in it, with your fake ass tupac image
you f*****s ain't tough, you just get drunk and become talkative
 i'm probably the akwardest alcoholic talking
walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket
so when you see me on your block stumbling, mumbling
a bunch of dumb shit like my drunk uncle does
i ain't buzzed, i'mm juss high on life
so why on earth would i need drugs, when i can fly on kites?
motherf***er, slim shady
dr dre: dr dre!
eminem: i'm drunk pass the tec
chorus: eminem and dr. dre 
cause if i get locked up tonite!
then i might not come home tonite!
 keep it moving! off and on, eminem is on
off and on, dr. dre is on
the whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire
i set a f***ing girl on fire with a curling iron psych i'm just joking, for christ sake
dont get so bent out of shape
cause i went out and raped six girlfriends
some people just don't get it, but i won't let it upset me
cause they don't know better
they don't know what the f*** its like to be so fed up
and fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up
my mind's got a mind of it's own, sometimes i can't find it at home
it hides in the stove shit, talk about your brain being baked
my shit's still in the oven on 480 de grades
hailey jade, daddy loves you baby,
don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter f*** you lady
you critics wanna criticize but couldnt visualize
individuals lives through a criminal's eyes
the neighborhood that i grew up in you could die for nothing
and dirty dozen watches over me so try some dumb shit
i'll have a f***ing man raped with a band aid over his mouth
and shove his head in the fan blade
don't ever tell me what i can and what i can't say
or change cause of the age range in my fan base
like i give a f*** who's buying this shit
quit f***ing buying it, i'm tired b****, i'm dying to quit
hip hop is universal now, it's all commercial now
it's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now
but now the white kids like it, so they tell me i can buy it
but as soon as i get on the mic it's like the night get silent
either that or booed, thats why i keep an attitude
and go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon
i'm sick of being judged, f*** it let me see a judge
i'll confess to every murder i committed since 3 years old
chorus
f*** that, turn that shit off
let's get the f*** out of here"
"life.. by marshall mathers
what is life?
life is like a big obstacle
put in front of your optical to slow you down
and everytime you think you gotten past it
it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
what are friends?
friends are people that you think are your friends
but they really your enemies, with secret indentities
and disguises, to hide they true colors
so just when you think you close enough to be brothers
they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin
what is money?
money is what makes a man act funny
money is the root of all evil
money'll make them same friends come back around
swearing that they was always down
what is life?
i'm tired of life
i'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
i'm tired of committing so many sins
tired of always giving in when this bottle of henny wins
tired of never having any ends
tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini thins
i'm tired of this dj playing your shit when he spins
tired of not having a deal
tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
tired of drowning in my sorrow
tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my monte carlo
i'm tired of motherf***ers spraying shit and dartin off
i'm tired of jobs startin off at five fifty an hour
then this boss wanders why i'm smartin off
i'm tired of being fired everytime i fart and cough
tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
for this jerk breathing down my neck driving me bezerk
i'm tired of using plastic silverware
tired of working in building square
tired of not dating alana
tired of not being a millionaire
but if i had a million dollars
i'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
if i had a magic wand, i'd make the world suck my d***
without a condom on, while i'm on the john
if i had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough, because i'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
if i had one wish
i would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss
i'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor
tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
i'm tired of not having a phone
tired of not having a home to have one in if i did have it on
tired of not driving a bm
tired of not working at gm, tired of wanting to be him
tired of not sleeping without a tylenol pm
tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
tired of not being on tour
tired of f***ing the same blonde whore after work
in the back of a contour
i'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
tired of being stared at
i'm tired of wearing the same damn nike air hat
tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of lugz
tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
tired of other rappers who ain't bringin half the skill as me
saying they wasn't feeling me on ""nobody's as ill as me""
i'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
tired of j l b saying ""where hip hop lives""
but if i had a million dollars
i'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
if i had a magic wand, i'd make the world suck my d***
without a condom on, while i'm on the john
if i had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough, because i'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
if i had one wish
i would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss
you know what i'm saying?
i'm tired of all of this bullshit
telling me to be positive
how'm i 'sposed to be positive when i don't see shit positive?
know what i'm sayin?
i rap about shit around me, shit i see
know what i'm sayin? right now i'm tired of everything
tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city
can't get no airplay, you know what i'm sayin?
but ey, it's cool though, you know what i'm sayin?
just fed up
that's my word"
"""this could never work, "" is what we said at first
but whatever this is, it's working
but we're in two different worlds and i'm not your husband  , you ain't my girlfriend
all i know is that when i'm with you, i'm a different person, yeah
and i ain't never met a chick as perfect
girl, you're a ten, so here i am laying here with her again
thinking 'bout you
she's asleep, you're texting me around two
crying face emoji, you say, ""this is me without you""
we're sneaking out to meet at cheap hotel rooms or
sex in the car, then i'll text you tomorrow
do i question it? nah, no objection at all
'cause both of us are still involved, so
as i'm peelin' off, all i'm thinking 'bout is
i'm not happy here  , with her
rather have you  , rather have me too
'cause you're not happy there
 , with him
rather have me  , we just in too deep
you're laying there with him, thinking 'bout me
he's asleep, you say, ""let's meet around three""
you went to leave the house
he caught you sneaking out, now he's freaking out
you thought he was sleepin' soundly, woah
you say you're going for a drive, you don't question him
when he stumbles in, like, ""where the f*** you've been? ""
then you pump his ear with what he wants to hear
tell him you love him, yeah, wipe each other's tears
but it's been a couple years since we been doin' dirt
you or my girl, don't wanna see either of you get hurt
but now the lines are getting super blurred
can't tell if i'm cheating on her with you
or cheating on you with her
but really, nobody's at fault, can't help who you love
hope they don't overhear us talk
'cause we both are getting sloppy
probably subconsciously part of me's
hoping we get caught 'cause
i'm not happy here  , with her
rather have you  , rather have me too
'cause you're not happy there
 , with him
rather have me  , we just in too deep
we're laying here with them, thinking 'bout us
'cause now when we get home, we get jealous
of each other being someone else's
call us long john silver's 'cause we selfish
but i just wanna see ya
don't care if it's at the ritz or motel 6
if i'm there with ya, rich or poor
when i'm laying here with ya, it could be the kitchen floor
i could stay in bed with ya starin' at ya 'til the morn'
i just wanna be your secret lover, yeah
i'd rather share ya than to not have you at all
so once a year or twice a month i'm here if you want it
yeah, i'm open season
and i'm always game
so i keep it a hundred, dear, haha
'cause we could never be each other's everythings
you got a wedding ring
so it's him instead of me
but i'll be your second string, now and forever because
i'm not happy here  , with her
rather have you  , rather have me too
'cause you're not happy there
 , with him
rather have me we just in too deep "
"in your head, in your head
zombie, zombie, zombie ie ie
what's in your head? in your head?
zombie, zombie, zombie ie ie, oh
i'm packin' up my shit
as much shit in the car as i can fit
and i'm just drivin' as far as i can get
away from these problems
t'il all of my sorrows i forget
what's tomorrow like? 'cause tonight
i'm startin' life again
get to the corner and stop, f*** am i goin'?
besides psycho when i fantasize
startin' my whole life over
yeah right
oh and i might go and
get hypnotized so i don't even recognize no one
i try to look alive but there's nothin' like
holdin' your head up high when you're dead inside
and i just hide, so in case you're wonderin'
why my insides showin'
'cause i done spilled all my guts
and those are mine so i'm
pickin' them up and stuffin' them back
f*** it, i've done enough in this rap shit
recovery brought me nothin' but back
to right where i was and perhaps
this coulda been my victory lap
if i wasn't on the verge of relapse
what's in your head, in your head
zombie, zombie, zombie ie ie
what's in your head, in your head
zombie, zombie, zombie ie ie, oh
it seems to be the reoccurring main theme
the shit i would daydream as a kid
i was eighteen i went from an irate teenager
to still raging, isn't it though amazing?
back then i put anything into the rhyme
whether it was sad, mad, happy or angry
i spit it, the mainstream, i hit it
yay me, i did it
did what?
hailie, baby, i didn't mean to make you
eighty percent of what i rapped about
maybe i shoulda did a better job
at separating shady and entertaining
from real life but this fame thing
is still the hardest thing to explain
it's the craziest shit i ever seen
and back then it was like i ain't even
bothered taking into consideration you one day
being older and may hear me say things
i didn't  mean and  just ain't me
okay, so ladies and gentlemen
let's strip away
everything and see the main reason that i
feel like a lame piece of shit
i sound cranky and bitter
complain, beef and bicker 'bout the same things
'cause when i look at me
i don't see what they see
i feel ashamed, greedy and lately
i've been contemplating escaping to get away
and go wherever this road takes me
it's making me crazy, what's in my
what's in your head, in your head
zombie, zombie, zombie ie ie
what's in your head, in your head
zombie, zombie, zombie ie ie, oh"
"oh yeah, this is eminem baby, back up in that motherf***ing ass
one time for your mother f***ing mind, we represent the 313
you know what i'm saying?, cause they don't know shit about this
for the 9 6
verse 1:
ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
to get your brain relaxin, cause they be actin maniac in action
a brainiac in fact son, you mainly lack attraction
you looking zany whack with just a fraction of my tracks spun
my rhyming skills got you climbing hills
i travel through your mind until you spine like siren drills
i'm sliming grills of roaches, with sprayed on disinfectants
with some ex rappers till their spinal column disconnects
we disinfect then check the monologue, turn your system up
twist them up, and indulge in the marijuana smoke
this is the season for noise pollution contamination
examination of more cartoons than animation
my lamination of narration
hit's a snare and bass of track f***ed up rapper interrogation
when i declare invasion, there ain't no time to be stare and gazing
i turn the stage into a barren wasteland...
i'm infinite
chorus:
you heard of hell well i was sent from it
i went to it's surface and sentenced for murdering instruments
now i'm trying to repent from it
but when i hear the beat i'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
i'm infinite
verse 2:
bust it, i let the beat commence so i can beat the sense of your elite defense
i got to meet the fence fruit was stompin at your feet to rinse
i greet intensive ladies, i spoil all your fans
i foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil bands
my coil hands around this microphone lethal
one thought in my cerebral is deeper then a jeep full of people
mc's are feeble, i came to cause some pandemonium
battle a band of phony mc's and stand the only one
imitator, intimidator, stimulator, simulator of data, eliminator
there's never been a greater since the burial of jesus
f*** around and catch all of the venereal diseases
my thesis will smash a stereo to pieces
my accapella releases plastic masterpieces through telekinesis
and eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally
with entity, dementedly meant to be infinite
chorus:
you heard of hell well i was sent from it
i went to it's surface and sentenced for murdering instruments
now i'm trying to repent from it
but when i hear the beat i'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
i'm infinite
verse 3:
man i got evidence i'm never dense and i been clever ever since
my residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the m o
so i'm assuming all responsibility
cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill mc's
mic messaler, slamming like a wrestler
here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler
no one is speacialer, my skill is intergalactical
i get cynical at a fool then i send a crew back to school
i never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical
i'd rather led a tactful, tractical, track for your fancy
in fact i can't see, or can't imagine
a man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching
this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo on my last jam
plus the man who never had a plan b
be all you can be, cause once you make an instant hit
i'm tense to be tempted when i see the sins my friends commit...
i'm infinite
chorus:
you heard of hell well i was sent from it
i went to it's surface and sentenced for murdering instruments
now i'm trying to repent from it
but when i hear the beat i'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
i'm infinite
you heard of hell well i was sent from it
i went to it's surface and sentenced for murdering instruments
now i'm trying to repent from it
but when i hear the beat i'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
i'm infinite"
"i was born with a d*** in my brain, yeah f***ed in the head
my stepfather said that i sucked in the bed
'til one night he snuck in and said
we're going out back, i want my d*** sucked in the shed
can't we just play with teddy ruxbin instead?
after i f*** you in the butt, get some head
bust a nut, get some rest
the next day my mother said
""i don't know what the f***'s up with this kid!""
the bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed
he just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead
debbie, don't let that f***er get you upset
go in there, stick a f***in' cigarette to his neck
i bet you he's fakin' it, i bet you
i bet he probably just want's to see how upset you would get
i'll go handle this of course, unless you object
ahh go f*** his brains out, if any's left in his head
if you could count the skeletons in my closet
under my bed and up under my faucet
then you would know i've completely lost it
is he nuts? no! he's insane!
if you could count the skeletons in my closet
under my bed and up under my faucet
then you would know i've completely lost it
is he nuts? no! he's insane!
did you get him? naaw, f***er tried to bite my face off
i just got f***in' chased off with a chainsaw
then he took the chainsaw, bit the f***in' blades off
ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot
then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop
took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong
then he played ping pong with his own ding dong
that motherf***er's got nuts like king kong
then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn
and he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
then he took his pants, he took every f***in' thing off
everything, except his tank top and his training bra
ain't he raw? yeah maniac, that's shady dog
man that motherf***er's gangsta, ain't he dog
shady dog, what be going through that f***in' brain of yours
say no more, what the f*** you waitin' for, sing along
if you could count the skeletons in my closet
under my bed and up under my faucet
then you would know i've completely lost it
is he nuts? no! he's insane!
if you could count the skeletons in my closet
under my bed and up under my faucet
then you would know i've completely lost it
is he nuts? no! he's insane!
don't you know what felch means? , well then tell me
would you rather get felched or do the felching
f*** him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
burp, belch, then go back for a second helping
can you dig what i'm sayin' man, can you smell me?
i want you to feel me like my step father felt me
f*** a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping
shady what the f*** you saying? i don't know help me!
what the f***'s happening, i think i'm f***ing melting
marshall i just love you boy, i care about your well being
no dad, i said no, i don't need no help peeing
i'm a big boy, i can do it by myself see
i only get naked when the baby sitter tells me
she showed me a movie like ""nightmare on elm street""
but it was x, and they called it ""pubic hair on chelsea""
well this is called ass rape,
and we're shooting the jail scene
if you could count the skeletons in my closet
under my bed and up under my faucet
then you would know i've completely lost it
is he nuts? no! he's insane!
if you could count the skeletons in my closet
under my bed and up under my faucet
then you would know i've completely lost it
is he nuts? no! he's insane!"
"hey, how you guys doing?
you want more?
alright...
then shutup!
shubi doo
shubi doo
shubi doo
shubi doo
skip a dee bee bop
girl...
you're my world
you're my girl
you're my world...
here's a song for the ladies..."
"may i have your attention please
may i have your attention please
will the real slim shady please stand up?
i repeat, will the real slim shady please stand up?
we're gonna have a problem here...
ya'll act like you never seen a white person before
jaws all on the floor like pam like tommy just burst in the door
started whoopin her ass worst than before
they first were dirvorced sold her old furniture it's the return of the
""awww wait, no way, your kidding
he didn't just say what i think he did, did he?""
and dr dre said...
nothing you idiots dr dre's dead he's locked in my basement feminist women loved eminem
chicka chicka chicka slim shady i'm sick of him
look at him walking around grabing his you know what
flippin' the you know who yeah i probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
but no worse than whats going on in your parents bedrooms
sometimes i wanna get on tv and let loose,
but can't, but it's cool for tom green to hump a dead moose
""my bum is on your lips my bum is on your lips
and if im lucky u might just give it a little kiss""
and that's the messege we deliver to little kids
and expect them not to know what a women's is
of course they're gonna know what intercourse is
by the time they hit 4th grade,
they got the discovery channel don't they?
we ain't nothing but mammals, well some of us cannibals
who other people open like canolopes
but if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
then theres no reason that a man and another man can't elope but if you feel like i feel i got the antadoite
women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus
and it gooooesss
i'm slim shady
yes i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so won't the real slim shady...
please stand up, please stand up, please stand up
cause i'm slim shady
yes i'm the real shady
all you other slim shadys are just imitating
so won't the real slim shady...
please stand up, please stand up, please stand up
will smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records
well i do, so *f   * him and *f   * you too
you think i give a damn about a grammy?
half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
why? so you guys can just lie to get me here?
so you can sit me here next to britney spears
s    christina aguilera better switch me chairs
so i can sit next to carson daily and fred durst
and hear them argue over who she gave to first
little put me on blast on mtv
i should download a audio on mp3
and show the whole world how you gave eminem i'm sick of you little golden boy groups all you do is annoy me
so i been sent in here to destroy you
and there's a million of us just like me
who cuss like me
who just don't give a *f   * like me
who dress like me
walk, talk and act like me
it just might be the next best thing
but not quite me
i'm like a headtrip to listen to
cause i'm only giving you
things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
the only difference is i got the balls to say it in front of ya'll
and i don't got to be false or sugar coat it at all
i just get on the mic and spit it
wheather you like to admit it
i'm better than 90% of you rappers out there
then you wanna outkin kids like these albums like
its funny cuz the rate im going when i'm 30
i'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
pinching nurses asses when i'm jerkin i'm jerking
but this whole bag of viagra isn't working
and every single person is a slim shady lurkin
he could be workin at burger king spitten on your onion rings
were in the parking lot circling
screaming i don't give a *f   *
with his windows down and system up
so will the real shady, please stand up
and put one of those fingers on each hand up
and to be proud to out of your mind and out of control
and one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?
ha ha
guess there's a slim shady in all of us
f*** it, let's all stand up"
"intro: so let's get down to business
i don't got no time to play around what is this... what is this...
the invasion! yeah yeah green lantern! the infiltration! we comin'!
i got 50 cent, i got g unit, d twizzy in this b****, wit' obie trice
so watch what you say, 'fore you call our name, cuz you say one more thing, it
won't be nice
here we go,
i shoulda known
i was bound to get pulled
into some bullshit
sooner or later
you litte haters
are too jealous of us to love us
you hate it,
g unit made it,
then obie's coming,
d twizzy's comin, ya sick to
ya stomach
50 percent of it's 50 cent,
the other 50 percent of it's whose color of skin it is
but if you even considerin' takin' our lable down,
you better find our building
and fly a f***in plane into it
but i ain't tryin to get to intricate into it,
i'm just tryin to give you a little hint for your own benefit
cuz then it's gonna get to the point
where it escalates into some other shit,
then i'm a flip
then i'm a get
stompin' in my air force one's,
won't be able to tell if its two purrs or it's one
cuz it's gone feel like so many feet kickin you,
you think nike just made these cleats into shoes
i don't know what it is or what it could be,
but i get a woody,
when these pussies try to push me
thinkin they gone put me in a position to pickle me
yall tickle me pink,
i think i'd just rather have pink tickle me
hickory d***ory dock tickety tock tickety,
a little bit of the diggety doc
diggety mixed with a little bit of the what a small pinch,
biggy look at
me,
i'm just a bomb diggety
we the realest lable, we'll try to act like you don't feel our lable
cuz we gone f*** around and kill your lable! obie, d twizzy, g unit, 50, shady
records we the lable for sho!
we the realest lable, we'll try to act like you don't feel our lable
cuz we gone f*** around and steal your paper! obie, d twizzy, g unit, 50, we
gone kill your f***in lable for sho!
sha dy in the place to bc, cuz i got what it takes to roc tha mic right
still watch what you say to me ho cause im off probation in less than 6 months
ha ha, whooo, shady records, still aftermath, and don't think we don't hear you
muthaf***as talkin, cuz we do, we see yall, but we just gone sit back a minute"
"""so let's get down to business
i don't got no time to play around, what is this?""
 what is this? what is this?
the invasion! green lantern! the infiltration, we comin'! 
i got 50 cent, i got g unit
d tweezy in this b****, wit obie trice!
so watch what you say, 'fore you call our name
cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice!
whoa, here we go, i shoulda' known
i was bound to get pulled into some bullshit
sooner or later you little haters
are too jealous of us to love us
you hate it g unit made it and obie's coming
d tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach
50 percent of it's 50 cent
the other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is
but if you even considerin' taking our label down
you better find our building and fly a f***ing plane into it
but i ain't trying to get too intricate into it
i'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit
cause then it's gonna get to the point
where it escalates into some other shit
then i'm a flip, then i'm a get to
""stomping in my air force ones""
but you won't be able to tell
if it's two pairs or it's one
it's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you
you'd think nike just made these into cleat tennis shoe
i don't know what it is or what it could be
but i get a woody when these pussies try to push me
thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me
y'all tickle me pink
i think i'd just rather have pink tickle me
hickory d***ory dock, tickety tock tickety
a little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy
mixed with a little bit of the jigga da jigga
wit a small pinch of biggie
look at me, i'm just the bomb diggady
we the realest label
don't try to act like you don't feel our label
cause we gon' f*** around and kill your label
obie, d tweezy, g unit, 50, shady records
we the label fa' sho!
we the realest label
don't try to act like you don't feel our label
cause we gon' f*** around and steal your paper
obie, d tweezy, g unit, 50, shady records
we gon' kill your label fa' sho!
shady in the place to be see
and i got what it takes to +roc the mic+ right!
still watch what you say to me punk
cause i'm off probation in less than six months 
haha, shady records
still aftermath, and don't think we don't
hear you motherf***ers talkin'!
cause we do and we see y'all
we just gon' sit back for a minute"
"eye kyu: check it out,
eminem: hey kyu!
eye kyu:
chorus: it's a broke day but everything is ok i'm up all night, but everything is alright it's a rough week, and i don't get enough sleep it's a long year pretending i belong here it's a broke day but everything is ok i'm up all night, but everything is alright it's a rough week, and i don't get enough sleep it's a long year pretending i belong here 
verse 1: eminem
one day i plan to be a family man happily married
i wanna grow to be so old that i have to be carried
till i'm glad to be buried
and leave this crazy world
and have at least a half a million for my baby girl
it may be early to be planning this stuff
cause i'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough
cause man it's been rough, but still i manage enough
i've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed
my hands have been cuffed
but i don't panic and huff, frantic and puff
or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts
i'm anteing up double or nothing, i've been trouble enough
and i'm sick of struggling and suffering, see
my destiny's to rest at ease, till i'm impressed and pleased
with my progress, i won't settle for less than cheese
i'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call
way before my baby is able to crawl
i'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates
to know i hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades
i seen the golden gates to heaven on earth
where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, q
eye kyu:
chorus: it's a broke day but everything is ok i'm up all night, but everything is alright it's a rough week, and i don't get enough sleep it's a long year pretending i belong here it's a broke day but everything is ok i'm up all night, but everything is alright it's a rough week, and i don't get enough sleep it's a long year pretending i belong here 
verse 2: eminem
i'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps
everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheep
praying for sleep
dreaming with a watering mouth
wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse
in this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts
with the root of all evil
i've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful
and make them do shit illegal
for these grant's and jackson's
these transactions explain a man's actions
but in the mist of this insanity, i found my christianity
through god and there's a wish he granted me
he showed me how to cope with the stress
and hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed
always groping a mess, of flying over the nest
to selling dope with the rest
i quit smoking cess to open my chest
life is stressful inside this cesspool
trying to wrestle, i almost bust a blood vessel
my little brother's trying to learn his mathematics
he's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts
kids attract static, children with automatics
taking target practice on teens for starter jackets
i'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum
i won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum
it's cumbersome, i'm trying to do well on this earth
but it's been hell on this earth since i fell on this earth
eye kyu:
chorus: it's a broke day but everything is ok i'm up all night, but everything is alright it's a rough week, and i don't get enough sleep it's a long year pretending i belong here it's a broke day but everything is ok i'm up all night, but everything is alright it's a rough week, and i don't get enough sleep it's a long year pretending i belong here 
uh, it's ok, yeah it's alright, even though i can't sleep
uh yeah, it's ok, it's alright, i can't sleep"
"men singing:
jealous! 
girls voice: jealous!?! what he mean jealous, know what i'm saying?
he just mad cause he got with some ugly hoes, know what i'm saying?
girls don't buy him no clothes, he bought that ho some clothes!!
he don't buy me no clothes, n**** ain't got no money, no vibe, no d***
i mean, what do i got to be jealous for?
he ain't gonna make it no where, he ain't got no type of time
he has no career move, i mean...
verse 1:
i come home every single day from working double shifts
and stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts
i come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me
then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously
again you frisk me, for numbers trying to bust me
it must be only just because you never learned to trust me
plus we only grovel only irrelevant issues
to many tissues, for my feelings you misuse
i buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me
i bring you diamond rings you say i'm bad at timing things
so what's a man to do when all i hand to you is handed back to me
you act to be this gangsta b****, that ain't what first attracted me
i used to love your company now you always bugging me
for information and you tell your friends you plan on dumping me
so i'ma wait for your evacuation
cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in
see i've never been so sure, and your just insecure
so my solution to your jealousy presents a cure
i recommend you take your things and check them in
look at the nervous wreck i'm in, i need my second wind, say what?
chorus: men singing
jealous, jealousy, jealousy 
women's voice: f*** you and what you going through
f*** eminem, he just mad cause i left that n**** for another man
me and eminem don't need nothing but my and his money
immature, me? n**** ain't got no d***, no swang in his thang
know what i'm saying? he just mad cause i'm getting it all night
jealous of me, know what i'm saying? that's what i'm talking about
mother f***er just trying to get his p****
verse 2:
i used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments
i used to be intoxicated with your sweet sense
until the day i started following your feetprints
and tapping in your phone conversations through the heat vents
it made complete sense, there's someone else you like
so i confronted you and asked you who was mike?
and you was like,  **i need a new n******
someone rich that i could follow
and you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow
leaving me in sorrow, brandy never felt so broken hearted
i fell apart when you departed then the joking started
i was an open target, you play comedian
and i became the laughing stock. but now i'm on my feet again
and so we meet again, your acting like an ex wife
all in my sex life, i got a message from phife
he goes, ""you didn't want me to see you then, i don't want you now""
take a towel, wipe your brow, quit trying to hunt me down
you run me down and now your trying to apologize
for all the lies and everytime you made me ball my eyes
because i got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it
jealousy is in the house ya'll, fellas sing it...
chorus: men singing
jealous, jealousy, jealousy "
" man, let's go
 ayo fif'
 yeah
 come on en tell 'em, it's time to hate us again, we're back
 haha
jimmy can crack corn, but i don't care
my enemies crack corn, but i don't care
you can be black, white or albino, yeah
you can have corn rows inside your hair
i give a f*** if i don't like your stare
this bottle of wine goes upside your head
a little bit psycho, but i know that
think you just don't say it, then i won't say it
see if you don't brag, then i don't brag
i know i'm bad, as long as i know i'm bad
i don't need y'all to co sign no shit
you can just keep makin' them tired old threats
a little bit like the boy you cried wolf, yeah
see me, but don't dare to try no shit
'cause you know that somewhere inside those layers
a rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass
and i can be so quiet and strike so fast
like lightning bolts right out the sky go blah
from outta nowhere, you might find your career
come to it err... and i was like ""oh yeah""
chorus
see us on them award shows, we're like can we get more of those, they're like see us keep blowin' up, we're like see jimmy can crack corn, but i don't care
see me in your videos, i'm like see me right up close, you're like and where is d 12 at, they're like and where the f*** we goin', well like 
jealous little f***s beg for my attention but
i done told you once, i'm not the kind of attention you want
if i tell you twice, then i won't be so nice
if you keep comin' back, it only means you know you lost a fight
they wanna talk shit, let 'em talk shit, 'cause they talk shit
knowin' deep down, they really just wanna squash it
'cause no one wants to walk around, steppin' in dog shit
and get doo doo on the shoe again, as soon as they washed it
but the pride won't let 'em, inside's like 'go get 'em'
and i'm just like 'why your tryna fight momentum?'
we just keep winnin', by landslides oh and umm
shady limited is in any size yo' denim
to velour, even our clothing line's on fire
as 50 would say 'our clothing line's on fiyaa''
meanwhile your mind's on us, like mine's on mariah
and y'all is just like her, you're all f***ing liars
but i just keep f***ing you, like i f***ed her
right in the ass with ky, yes sir!
so full of joy, why am i absurd
even chingy would tell you
'yeah boy don't curr'
chorus
ya homie got clapped on, man i don't care
the cops in my nana crib, but i'm not there
it is what it is dawg, man life's not fair
ya friends shoulda know not to front 'round here
you see kid, where i'm from, the wolves smell fear
they'll strip yo' ass off your jewels, right here
man i'ma say this one time, now get this clear
man you can catch a hot one like outta nowhere
a beautiful day, without drama is rare
ya girl's a freak, man sometime we share
yeah, i wear a condom and you go bare
you prolly heard about me, i'm a shown up playa
in the hood politicin', like i'm runnin' for mayor
ridin', winding, dining and shining, know what i'm sayin'?
i ain't got time for f***ing around, and horseplayin'
i'm making hits, my homies takin' hits, who's staying
chorus
 haha
 yeah
 it's the re up
 ha ha
 god, i love it
i know you hate that laugh, don't you? haha
keep doing it
 do it again
 what?
 laugh
 oh, ha haaaa!
 i like that, ha ha
 haha haha
 hehe
 you gonna think i'm really crazy, right?
by~narcotic"
"intro by frogg
whoah!
a get your hands in the air, and get to clappin 'em
and like, back and forth because ah
this is... what you thought it wasn't...
it beez.. the brothers representin' the dirty dozen
i be the f r o the double g and check out the man he goes by the name of er...
slim shady, brain dead like jim brady
i'm a m80, you lil' like that kim lady.
i'm buzzin, dirty dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
cursin at you players worse than marty schottenheimer.
you wacker than the motherf***er you bit your style from
you ain't go' sell two copies if you press a double album.
admit it, f*** it, while we comin out in the open
i'm doin acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin dope then;
my name is marshall mathers, i'm an alcoholic i have a disease and they don't know what to call it
better hide your wallet cause i'm comin up quick to strip your cash
bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
b****, i'm comin out swingin, so fast it'll make your eyes spin
you gettin knocked the f*** out like mike tyson
the proof is in the puddin, just ask the deshaun holton
i'll slit your motherf***in throat worse than ron goldman
chorus:
so when you see me on your block with two glocks
screamin ""f*** the world"" like tupac
i just don't give a f***!!
talkin that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
tellin your boys that i'm on crack
i just don't give a f***!!
so put my tape back on the rack
go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
i just don't give a f***!!
but see me on the street and duck
cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
cause i just don't give a f***!!
i'm nicer than pete, but i'm on a serch to crush a milkbone
i'm everlasting, i melt vanilla ice like silicone
i'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
i'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin
flavor with no seasonin, this is the sneak preview
i'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
i'll make your freak leave you, smell the folgers crystals
this is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
but i form like voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
slim shady, eminem was the old initials extortion, snortin, supportin abortion
pathological liar, blowin shit outta proportion
the looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
half animal, half man
dumpin your dead body inside of a f***in trash can
with more holes than an afghan
somebody let me out this limousine i'm a caged demon, on stage screamin like rage against the machine
i'm convinced i'm a fiend, shootin up while this record is spinnin
clinically brain dead, i don't need a second opinion.
f*** droppin the jewel, i'm flippin the sacred treasure
i'll bite your motherf***in style, just to make it fresher
i can't take the pressure, i'm sick of b****es
sick of naggin bosses b****in while i'm washin dishes
in school i never said much, too busy havin a headrush
doin too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
then i went to jim beam, that's when my face grayed
went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
don't take me for a joke i'm no comedian
too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin weed again
i'm goin up over the curb, drivin on the median
finally made it home, but i don't got the key to get in
hey, f*** that!
outsidaz...
pace one...
young zee..."
"are we supposed to shut up or talk...i'll cut your butt up and walk...
around with my ass showing all over the f***in town
....then you get done up in chalk
yo....
we ready...we ready .. we ready.. we ready ?
ready to hold it steady....speakin of hold it steady....
you can hold my nuts steady and then....
i can stick my d*** in you like a machette...if you're a girl...
if you're a girl then you're my world...and i will kill anybody...
that means... you, her or him
it doesnt matter cuz i'm eminem
and i'm slim...i'm also slim and your future's whim
ha ha....don't stop
d 12 y'all...yea we bust it off the top
we get in that ass preparation h style
knock more boots than that group h town everybody tryina tell us to wait now
you look dumb as f***...like puffy in his video on that breakdown tryin to dance around
how the f*** it feel lock in hand set now
sever your style .. divide and parish
part ish...when my cart is bustin thru this...
wassup to bizzare kid
targets get hit and liftoff
here it is we bout to rip off
lick shots...no time...we gettin d*** snot
emzy...
speakin of lift off....
i'm blastin off...your ass is soft...so i'm startin to jack off
cuz i'm so horny...and your lyrics are so corny
that they bore me and i woke up too late this morning
or too early...wait a minute there goes shirley...
the girly i f***ed last year when her hair was curly
couldnt remember it cuz i was infinite
and i met ken kaniff in connecticut
he said his predicits and pronouns and wanted to throw down
and he said i like you...and then he walked up and said let me snake bite
you
and i said hell no...kicked him with my shell toe...
gave him a elbow...ayo proof ...go....
yo it's the d to the 1   2
what you wanna get done to...
your chest plate...eradicate
get your flesh ate...easily done..here it is...
freestyle...no need to write shit...cuz when we write shit
y'all like to bite shit...that why street light up when we write stuff
it's time to be the champions at this...it's d 12
1 2 true crew...slim shady and big proof
knockin over igloos in alaska when we blast ya
a massacre creator, one time for data
darker than vader...go anybody hot as the equator
it's time to get down one time for those that dont know us
girls wanna blow us like monica....lewinsky
come against me...
go and see i'm an invincible mc
if you dont believe it then you wanna try to convince me
that you're doper than me...which we'll hope
you would hope to be....but hopefully i will rock globaly
and nationwide...thats why my ass is wide thats why your ass just died on the passanger side...
like a f***in ride...when it got shot up by a drive by
when i drove by 5 times and gave it five tries
and still missed it
i got a f***in mental illness a gentle stillness...
violence...complete silence is what i need in the room while i freestyle
what i need is to do...what is need is smoke weed and brew
and......smoke brew ? you don't smoke brew...
if you do i'll choke you and then i garauntee i'll out smoke you
you're crew's a joke too and i can stick my d*** in a b**** and poke you....
stick it in there....rock with my cock on sky rock
knock ya eye out the sock...get.. yeah we come to rock....so don't get in the way cuz we gon drop....now how you feel right now we bust yo..op........we lunatics with mics and we dont stop we come to rock
the dirty dozen is non stop..
to the top from tree tops to ewoks that pop reeboks
and men with pre ops
yo now there is 3 pac's
master p....thug life and now it's 2pac
get back to that one...here goes the rhyme that you dropped...
the rhyme that i dropped is stickin up ihop
in high tops and walking around like a one eyed cyclops
and you can't see me....i only got one eye and i can still see you
you can even give it a dumb try...if you're a dumb guy then come try this
but i rock the microphone with my flyness
so get off my jock..get of my cock..when i sky rock ...it in sky
rock..shit...b****
ayo...a lot of people always try to tell us...that we gona be better or
failrues
but me or slim yo you cant tell me...
you try to freestyle son we gon put these verses on your lp
slow down with that old stuff....i heard the most of y'all is mos def
my lp...my whole lp...tha last one was screaming help me
you couldnt melt me if you was vanilla ice...yo guess what....
my nuuuuuuuuutz
here i go with the lyrical miracle...spiritual spirital...you dont wanna hear
it tho
i rickety rock the micrphone
don't do it dont do it cuz that shit is stupid...i knew it
i take a beat and loop it...i take a beat and troop it
what the f*** did that mean...i dont know but i got phat jeans on
and i already said that but i dont know where my head's at
all i wanna do is go back to the hotel and know where my bed's at
yo wheres the beds at so we can relax and catch ease
y'all dont want none of tha dirty deez
from the 3 1 its for the three of thirds
one third mc yo we smoke y'all like herbs
under the curb early morn take it to born
y'all get broke up...put back together ...re enacment
some times you see this...you just a f*****
no need to tag it...wit more loot that jimmy swagart
f*****....uh oh...was that homophobic...
but no one knows it...and i'm so homophobic
i wont even throw clothes in the closet
f*** it...i've lost it....i'm holocausted...see my face it's written all
acrossed it
this beer makes me wanna disappear this year
i'm so high i'm bout to die...and i'm so tired i'm bout to fry
you're so fired you're down
hey....it's me...it's the hamster man...
coming all the way from amsterdam....
and i come to tell you all a little secret.....
so you can ........eat it ....you got to grab your crackers
quit spittin your writ shit b**** i'll kill you and kick you
in your motherf***in d*** and your clit...you little p****
hermaphardite with no apettite
and you aint rappin right but you was taking rapid bites
of my d*** when you was on it...my brain is haunted
i walk up in a place in a t shirt wit my stains on it
but i dont give a damn...give a f***...give a shit...give a hell
give a piss give a d*** give a lick
yea....live and direct it's us
you better back up...
you better back up before i jack off
back off before i jack off
you better back off before he jack off you better back off before i jack off
colder than jack frost...smack you across your face
while i'm still jackin off
sittin in the closet beatin my shit
aint got nuttin else to do cuz i'm thinkin of a b****
wait a minute ...oh shit she's here...
look who walked in the door....come in it's britney spears
oh....come here little girl
come here little girl
what happened? we stopped rappin gun clappin...and all i need is one napkin to wipe the cum off
when i come off with the drum off
whatever the hell that meant...but i can still speak wit a accent
a french accent excuse my french but
suck my d*** touche le le poo...uhh....b****
bonjuor...i'm here with the cure...oh yea lets rock it for the drawer
hey em...how you doin this is me...the em jock...get off my...
damn cock .....laughing....
yo while you're spraying verbs...you aint even f***in saying words
 pronounce your words right...and you can ride around curbs
and bounce your hebrs tight
what the f*** ?
yo put another beat on before you get peed on
hi...hi.... my name is ...my name is...my name is...
slim shady...slim shady...b**** you're little just like that kim lady
and i'm in sky rock radio...the shadiest bro on the radio
but you dont hear me tho....."
"are we supposed to shut up or talk...i'll cut your butt up and walk...
around with my ass showing all over the f***in town
....then you get done up in chalk
yo....
we ready...we ready .. we ready.. we ready ?
ready to hold it steady....speakin of hold it steady....
you can hold my nuts steady and then....
i can stick my d*** in you like a machette...if you're a girl...
if you're a girl then you're my world...and i will kill anybody...
that means... you, her or him
it doesnt matter cuz i'm eminem
and i'm slim...i'm also slim and your future's grim
ha ha....don't stop
d 12 y'all...yea we bust it off the top
we get in that ass preparation h style
knock more boots than that group h town everybody tryina tell us to wait now
you look dumb as f***...like puffy in his video on that breakdown tryin to dance around
how the f*** it feel lock in hand set now
sever your style .. divide and parish
part ish...when my cart is bustin thru this...
wassup to bizzare kid
targets get hit and liftoff
here it is we bout to rip off
lick shots...no time...we gettin d*** snot
emzy...
speakin' of lift off....
i'm blastin off...your ass is soft...so i'm startin to jack off
cuz i'm so horny...and your lyrics are so corny
that they bore me and i woke up too late this morning
or too early...wait a minute there goes shirley...
the girly i f***ed last year when her hair was curly
couldn't remember it cuz i was infinite
and i met ken kaniff from connecticut
he said his predicits and pronouns and wanted to throw down
and he said ""i like you""...and then he walked up and said ""let me snake bite
you!""
and i said hell no...kicked him with my shell toe...
gave him a elbow...ayo proof ...go....
yo it's the d to the 1   2
what you wanna get done to...
your chest plate...eradicate
get your flesh ate...easily done..here it is...
freestyle...no need to write shit...cuz when we write shit
y'all like to bite shit...that why street light up when we write stuff
it's time to be the champions at this...it's d 12
1 2 true crew...slim shady and big proof
knockin over igloos in alaska when we blast ya
a massacre creator, one time for data
darker than vader...go anybody hot as the equator
it's time to get down one time for those that dont know us
girls wanna blow us like monica....lewinsky
come against me...
go and see i'm an invincible mc
if you dont believe it then you wanna try to convince me
that you're doper than me...which we'll hope
you would hope to be....but hopefully i will rock globaly
and nationwide...thats why my ass is wide
thats why your ass just died on the passanger side...
like a f***in ride...when it got shot up by a drive by
when i drove by 5 times and gave it five tries
and still missed it
i got a f***in mental illness a gentle stillness...
violence...complete silence is what i need in the room while i freestyle
what i need is to do...what is need is smoke weed and brew
and......smoke brew ? you don't smoke brew...
if you do i'll choke you and then i garauntee i'll out smoke you
you're crew's a joke too and i can stick my d*** in a b**** and poke you....
stick it in there....rock with my cock on sky rock
knock ya eye out the sock...get.. yeah we come to rock....so don't get in the way cuz we gon drop....now how you feel right now we bust yo..op........we lunatics with mics and we dont stop we come to rock
the dirty dozen is non stop..
to the top from tree tops to ewoks that pop reeboks
and men with pre ops
yo now there is 3 pac's
master p....thug life and now it's 2pac
get back to that one...here goes the rhyme that you dropped...
the rhyme that i dropped is stickin up ihop
in high tops and walking around like a one eyed cyclops
and you can't see me....i only got one eye and i can still see you
you can even give it a dumb try...if you're a dumb guy then come try this
but i rock the microphone with my flyness
so get off my jock..get of my cock..when i sky rock ...it in sky
rock..shit...b****
ayo...a lot of people always try to tell us...that we gona be better or
failrues
but me or slim yo you cant tell me...
you try to freestyle son we gon put these verses on your lp
slow down with that old stuff....i heard the most of y'all is mos def
my lp...my whole lp...tha last one was screaming help me
you couldnt melt me if you was vanilla ice...yo guess what....
my nuuuuuuuuutz
here i go with the lyrical miracle...spiritual spirital...you dont wanna hear
it tho
i rickety rock the micrphone
don't do it dont do it cuz that shit is stupid...i knew it
i take a beat and loop it...i take a beat and troop it
what the f*** did that mean...i dont know but i got phat jeans on
and i already said that but i dont know where my head's at
all i wanna do is go back to the hotel and know where my bed's at
yo wheres the beds at so we can relax and catch ease
y'all dont want none of tha dirty deez
>from the 3 1 its for the three of thirds
one third mc yo we smoke y'all like herbs
under the curb early morn take it to born
y'all get broke up...put back together ...re enacment
some times you see this...you just a f*****
no need to tag it...wit more loot that jimmy swagart
f*****....uh oh...was that homophobic...
but no one knows it...and i'm so homophobic
i wont even throw clothes in the closet
f*** it...i've lost it....i'm holocausted...see my face it's written all
acrossed it
this beer makes me wanna disappear this year
i'm so high i'm bout to die...and i'm so tired i'm bout to fry
you're so fired you're down
hey....it's me...it's the hamster man...
coming all the way from amsterdam....
and i come to tell you all a little secret.....
so you can ........eat it ....you got to grab your crackers
quit spittin your writ shit b**** i'll kill you and kick you
in your motherf***in d*** and your clit...you little p****
hermaphardite with no apettite
and you aint rappin right but you was taking rapid bites
of my d*** when you was on it...my brain is haunted
i walk up in a place in a t shirt wit my stains on it
but i dont give a damn...give a f***...give a shit...give a hell
give a piss give a d*** give a lick
yea....live and direct it's us
you better back up...
you better back up before i jack off
back off before i jack off
you better back off before he jack off you better back off before i jack off
colder than jack frost...smack you across your face
while i'm still jackin off
sittin in the closet beatin my shit
aint got nuttin else to do cuz i'm thinkin of a b****
wait a minute ...oh shit she's here...
look who walked in the door....come in it's britney spears
oh....come here little girl
come here little girl
what happened? we stopped rappin gun clappin...and all i need is one napkin to wipe the cum off
when i come off with the drum off
whatever the hell that meant...but i can still speak wit a accent
a french accent excuse my french but
suck my d*** touche le le poo...uhh....b****
bonjuor...i'm here with the cure...oh yea lets rock it for the drawer
hey em...how you doin this is me...the em jock...get off my...
damn cock .....laughing....
yo while you're spraying verbs...you aint even f***in saying words
 pronounce your words right...and you can ride around curbs
and bounce your hebrs tight
what the f*** ?
yo put another beat on before you get peed on
hi...hi.... my name is ...my name is...my name is...
slim shady...slim shady...b**** you're little just like that kim lady
and i'm in sky rock radio...the shadiest bro on the radio"
"just the two of us
baby your da da loves you and i'ma always be here for you no matter what happens
you're all i got in this world
i would never give you up for nothin
nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
i love you
c'mon hai hai, we goin to the beach
grab a couple of toys and let da da
strap you in the car seat
oh where's mama? she's takin a little nap in the trunk
oh that smell da da musta runned over a skunk
now i know what you're thinkin
it's kind of late to go swimmin
but you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way
she'll throw a fit
don't play with da da's toy knife, honey
let go of it and don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
don't you wanna help da da build
a sand castle? and mama said she wants to show
how far she can float
and don't worry about that little boo boo on her throat
it's just a little scratch
it don't hurt, her was eatin dinner
while you were sweepin
and spilled ketchup on her shirt
mama's messy isn't she?
we'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?
just the two of us
and when we ride!
just the two of us
just you and i!
just the two of us
and when we ride!
just the two of us
just you and i!
see honey
there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
a place called prison and a place called jail
and da da's probably on his way to all of em
except one
cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
and you don't want a brother do ya? maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
i'll explain it to ya
but for now
we'll just say mama was real real bad
she was bein mean to dad
and made him real real mad
but i still feel sad that i put her on time out
sit back in your chair honey
quit tryin to climb out i told you it's okay haihai, wanna ba ba?
take a night night? nan a boo, goo goo ga ga?
her make goo goo ca ca? da da change your dia dee
clean the baby up so her can take a nighty nighty
your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
ninety seven bonnie and clyde, me and my daughter
just the two of us
and when we ride!
just the two of us
just you and i!
just the two of us
and when we ride!
just the two of us
just you and i!
wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin
in her ear that's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
da da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
here, you wanna help da da
tie a rope around this rock? we'll tie it to her footsie
then we'll roll her off the dock
ready now, here we go, on the count of free
one... two... free... whee! there goes mama, spwashin in the wa ta
no more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
no more step da da, no more new brother
blow her kisses bye bye
tell mama you love her now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
but first, just help dad
with two more things out the trunk
just the two of us
and when we ride!
just the two of us
just you and i!
just the two of us
and when we ride!
just the two of us
just you and i!
just the two of us
just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
just me and you
your da da will always be there for you
your da da's always gonna love you
remember that
if you ever need me i will always be here for you
if you ever need anything, just ask
da da will be right there
your da da loves you"
"okay, how do i say this? last year didn't work out so well for me
 2018, well 
yeah, i'm a f***in' kamikaze
crashin' into everything
you beat me, islamic nazi
that means there is no such thing
i've been goin' for your jugular since craig g ""duck alert""
wedgie in my underwear
the whole bed sheet and the comforter
stuck up in my rectal crack
kiss my disrespectful ass
i'll ride through your cul de sac
window cracked, bumpin' your reference tracks
you collaborative effort rap
i have never said his raps
overstayed my welcome, stepped in crap
and ruined your welcome mat
so spit that shit from the heart
you didn't write like you wrote it
while i teabag the microphone
'cause i go nuts on it
like a fighter jet lined with explosives
that'll strike any moment
headed right at opponents
and i'm the f***in' pilot that flown it
i'm 'bout to—
smash into everyone, crash into everything
back and i've just begun, ""fack"" 2017
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
i'm a kamikaze, gonna
smash into everyone, crash like an f 15
damage already done, y'all shoulda let me be
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
i'm a kamikaze, gonna
i turned to rap 'cause it made me feel tough
when i wasn't from the moment i heard rap was cussin'
i was in which is why i identify with the guy
who i was invented by, dre's frankenstein
energized like a nine volt, ice cold
like snake eyes
twice in a row on a dice roll
but if the only reason i blowed
is 'cause i'm white though
why don't every other white rapper sell what i sold? kamikaze pilot, i wrote my suicide note
here come the guys in white coats tryin' to stop me
'fore i jump behind the controls and try to fly into foes
'cause i'm takin' y'all with me when i go cyclone
i don't think this typhoon's lettin' up any time soon, here i go
eyes closed, blindfolded, i'm 'bout to—
smash into everyone, crash into everything
back and i've just begun, ""fack"" 2017
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
i'm a kamikaze, gonna
smash into everyone, crash like an f 15
damage already done, y'all should've let me be
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
fack, fack on everyone
i'm a kamikaze, gonna
smash
kamikaze, kamikaze
kamikaze, kamikaze, kami kamikaze
take a look at what i've done
i heard your freestyle on shade 45
that shit was embarrassing
there is no way we ever air that shit again, i guarantee
that way that shit was so ass
it's somethin' we wouldn't dare re air
the shit's embarrassing as me rear ending tara reid bare
in my therapy chair, my d*** is the hair length of cher
each nut is the chair width of an acorn
stairlift beware of me
lyrically i'm terrible, better get your lyrics prepared
richard ramirez is here, serial killin' every beat there is
wait, wait, got the eeriest feelin'
somethin' evil is lurkin', i'm no conspiracy theorist
but somethin' here is afoot—oh yeah, it's my d***
get the measurin' stick  , twelve inches of wood
wait, but i've been goin' for your jugular
since craig g ""duck alert""
and i've come to pay respects
'cause if you sleep you're f***ed—other words
you get laid to rest
and i hope your butt is hurt
put me on a track, i go cray on it like a color book
you got some views, but you're still below me
mine are higher
so when you compare our views, you get overlooked
and i don't say the hook unless i wrote the hook
and now i'm just freestylin' in the vocal booth
and you know i've always spoke the truth
you lyin' through your teeth so much you broke a tooth
and it ain't somethin' i need a phone to do
when i say i can't wait 'til i get ahold of you
and i don't know what i'm s'posed to do
line up the rappers
take my pic like a photo shoot"
"call this mother f***er
ohh f*** yeah
give em a piece of my mind....
a piece of my ass
( thanks for waiting,
this is      
may i help you? )
ohh thank you
i need to make a collect call
ohhh
the numbers _62 ____
kennith kaniff....from connecticut.
automated piece of shit
ring, ring
yo
hey there cockboy.
who's this?
this is ken kannif
who?
ken kannif from connecticut, ya little b****.
from connecticut?
yean you wanna get a...
i dont know nobody in connecticut.
you wanna get a hotel room with me?
a hotel room?
yeah, you want me to lick your ass, eminem!?
ha.. yo, wh, who is this? cage?
hey, pa ha..
you want me ta f***in melt in your mouth and not in your hand? melt in
your ass, ya little cockboy.
he k k k k, yo shut up you little b****.
oh you think im lyin huh?"
"uugh uugh o ya
oh suck it....
oh f*** u.
oo shaggy.
uh this is y they call u 2 time bangin.
uh f*** u.
take itout
take it out. o
give sum 2 jay.
uh f*** jay.
bite it.
keep suckinit.
suck it nice n slowly jay.
uh f*** give it back 2
shaggy he suxbetta.
uh say my name!
say my name!....
what? o f*** u guyz.
give me my d*** back.
f*** u guyz.
if u want eminem u
can
have eminem
damn nice goin shaggy"
"ha ha, hol' up
what is that? oh
is that a key in my pocket?
or am i just happy to see
the hot chicks that are here for me and only me
cause i am the cause, the cause meaning cousin
meaning stemming back to bro
cause bro and the dude, and the dude gets all the chicks
chicks, is all that thine getteth
cause that's all i needeth is the chickeths
the chickadees runningeth about
and you'd be lucky to get my seconds
leftover hot chicks
ha ha ha
f***ing stupid"
"i've always looked at battle rap as competition or war, and the main objective is to destroy, completely f***in' obliterate your opponent by saying anything and everything, whatever the f*** you can, to get a reaction from the crowd. so nothing's off limits. ""
i need you to spit that lyrical miracle… in the swimming pool
before this kicks off, let me set my balls in this tees
'cause i'm dottin' i's every time i cross one of these
there's not a redeeming quality at all in me
it's impossible, seems like an implausible dream
positive clean thoughts intervene
but they're all either altered and mean
assault and demean, tossed and they're being lost in the scheme
squashed in between a brainwashing machine
like an islamic regime, a jihadist extreme radical
suicide bomber that's seeing
ariana grande sing her last song of the evening
and as the audience from the damn concert is leaving
detonates the device strapped to his abdominal region
i'm not gonna finish that, for obvious reasons
but bring your dogs, i'ma muzzle 'em
i'm not middle eastern but i'll make a b**** raqqa hijab
and at least a extra large in a t shirt
headscarf and a piece of tarp underneath the carpet, hasta la vista
i go hamas on the beats to a paradox on the beach
and a pair of crotchless underwear on a terrorist watch list
gettin' head in the sand like an embarrassed ostrich
professional shit sprayer
b**** watch who you talkin' to, like apple wristwear
endangered species in this abc shit a bit scarce
prey's decreasing, i face extinction like disc players
told this chick she's hot as jada pinkett
and just stared 'til i made her think it
said, ""maybe we should just get married. ""
she's facing me, i placed my feet with my hips square
tell her, ""turn around, "" spread her legs for me, then i hit bare
leave her stretched out like a baby t shirt on ric flair
as i rip, tear, anal beads in a split rear
spray febreze in the chick's hair
make her wheeze tryna get air
i played for keeps, there's no escaping me, i have a b**** scared
and chained to me, and throw away the key
and she'll be so afraid to leave
that even if she ends up breaking free she'll just sit there
tryin' to scrape up enough courage and strength to get up
it's impossible like rapin' a slut
we stay butt naked and f***
you're close, wait for you, what?
my idea, you comin' too, is waking you up
with smelling salts after i quaalude your cup
that'll straighten you up if you try to stray like a pup
hate to get bogged down in details
but b****, i'm like the dog pound with females
my brain is corrupt, real life, hillside strangler
i strangle a skank's neck 'til it's triangular
shape but it's upside down, and my mouth ain't gonna shut
and mention me in your raps if it makes you a buck
or helps you rake in the ducats, i want payment in pub
'cause i ain't tryna get in your bars like i'm waiting the club
but if you put me in your lines, i'm takin' a cut
get a million writers inside of a room combined in it
try to get every idea of every possible line to spit
every punchline, every combination that rhymes with it
b****, a whole team can't see me, there's no i's in it
head so big, i shot myself ten times in it
tryna commit suicide and it, took five minutes
and i survived the shit
someone's gonna challenge me, who?
battle me and win, that's a f***ing fallacy too
you name one motherf***er in this galaxy, spits*, reality
you fantasy, rally your troops, try to boost the morale
only time i start a movement's a bowel
i can't even give a ""yeah"" or a ""woo"" when you rap in the booth
not even a ""nah"" or a ""boo""
'cause even though i'm allergic to the crap that you spew
when i'm 'bout to break out, i don't mean get a rash from it too
'cause when i say i have allergies, i actually do
but that's just an analogy, i've never had a reaction to you
creature from the black lagoon
i reach up and i smack the moon
you're grief struck that i'm back so soon
your teacher for this afternoon
creep up with a pack of hoodlums
we pack a punch like capri sun
heat tucked like we each snuck in a submachine gun
we stuck in a submarine bun, with a bag of shrooms
cup of lean up in the padded room
justin bieber in a catholic school
selling dust and reefer when your back is to him
don't adjust your speaker
i'll cuss the stripes off of a f***in' zebra when i'm at the zoo
huffin' cleaner 'til i gag from fumes
f*** christina with a plastic spoon
while i bump some g funk and blast some snoop
'cause her double g cups are massive, huge!
it's fun for me just to grab a boob
plus my penis got an attitude
my f***in' weiner's in a combative mood
come and suck a mean one like it's mad at you
i speak tongue in cheek, what you asslicks do
'cause you love to eat butt, it's sad but true
i just sprung a leak suddenly
what i think in my gut instinct become in sync
my thoughts and my stomach link up with each other
ink touches the pad, then boom!
since the day dre gave me beats, i was made elite
that's basically what makes me me
creating stink, 'til these tats are fading ink
who's the greatest? think we're still debating, wink
add, and better put out an apb
'cause it'll take lapd and me layin' in the street
for you to see shady beat
and i'll bet ya they'd need cleats
'cause i'd have to be stomped by forty men to suffer a defeat
i pray please jesus to make me decent
inhaling the main ingredient of pain relievers, and saline
i take three aleves, tryna break these fevers, i'm ailing
i stay free of divas and ladies screamin'
'cause they keep schemin' on me
vading keepin' the women at bay
like laci peterson, baby fetuses
legs and feet have been weighted, chained in semen
it's straight demon—and wait!
even if it takes meat cleavers to make believers
mistake free schemes are enablin' me to remain deviant
breakbeat, eat her like steak meat
emcees take seats like amc theaters
deranged ringleader, depraved king
who mainstream media hates
which makes things easier, still under scrutiny
villainous smooth criminal, livin' room
with the nude reese witherspoon
who was bruised, beat with a broom
it's in two pieces, and lays deceased in it
pit with a chewed leash, and his chain link leapin' it
live in the booth, shave, eat, bathe, drink, sleep in it
r a p bleed the shit, still and i poop, pee it
it's a spillage, a sewage leak, waist deep feces
the syllables ooze fecal, they feel like renewed leases
'cause my brain releases 'em
like waste excretion, it's simultaneously
as i'm givin' these fools grief, they're feelin' the blues
'cause even if stealin' my shoes, thieves
just to fill 'em's a huge feat
a hill and it's too steep
obey these demons, we're still in cahoots
keep feedin' me blank sheets
as soon as i sink these teeth
and i'm killin' the loose leaf
time to shake these trees again
wait, make that phrase repeat again
killin' the loose leaf, shake these trees again
get the rake, but it ain't me leavin' 'em
vicodins, nuprins, i bite them and chew them
the whites and the blues mixed with nitrous balloons
and i like to sniff gluesticks, put ricin on toothpicks
on the mic i'm just ruthless, a crisis, a nuisance
who i influence i give two shits
if they wanna license my music to entice with
then use the shit like it's the blueprint for isis recruitment
excuse me while i stare into space for a few
in a daze or haze, glazed over, crazed warped loon
mental cased off, always had a straight forward view
but you bozos keep givin' the flamethrower fuel
no one's ever sank lower, shrewd, and way more rude
beast mode like a lawn mower blade rolled through it
and this has little to do with bein' g**, boy
it's just where the wordplay's goin'
but ain't much i can say or do
'cause ain't no excuse, the way i go at you you say i'm always screw faced
so if i look your way, you're screwed
'cause if looks could kill, i could start a hate war too
'cause i'd murder you straight b****es by turnin' the gaze on you
let's take it back before the tightly worn pants
to the nike, jordan, hats
the stripe lee's, jordache, and the white tees
lightning storms might be formed fast
such a frightening forecast
but when you're slightly hoarse, rasp
from the cyphering or gasp, but still reciting your raps
while you're tightening your grasp around the mic 'cause you done shitted on it so much, you're always reminded of your past
'cause your heiny's sore, that's
'cause you still haven't finished f***in' wiping your ass
from the night before last
no good, but rap somethin' i'm too good for my own good at
f*** adulthood, i'm a grown up brat
where your cojones at? mine are always being rode, in fact
they're frozen, you ever seen a cul de sac?
so big they fell out my scrotum, i just sewed 'em back
d*** so long, need a shoulder strap
for that, gotta unroll it and fold it back
so difficult to wrap in the prophylactic, it overlaps it
so i pack a trojan so fat, when i lay it flat it's like a yoga mat
make a b**** think she's in aerobics class
the bear you don't wanna poke is back
the backbone of rap, your f***in' lead singles are my bonus tracks
when i appear, my peers stop
hearts fall in their stomach, their spirits drop
careers flop, their gears lock, severe shock
fear at the mere thought
lyrics are top tier, i'm so high at the top
i'm in the sky when i talk
b****, i'm so fly when i walk, my ears pop
oh, and i'm just playin' ladies, you know i love you
i got a idea for a line"
"  ""shady!""
  ""that's me""
  ""iron mic trilogy""
  ""back...with the flyest material""
  ""sh....sh....shady!""
  ""that...that.....that's me""
  ""iron mic trilogy""
  ""back with the...funky...beats""
mr. eon:
packing the third eye rush you it's cyclopse
they trade in their high tops for night sized withe rocks
words in my right, they pass my left ear
it's solid decked out write the books for next year
bear this grenade you got stuck like virgin
who that cat splurgin' instead or rehearsin?
tough guy, dj travi your high rise
looking more like ronald then the f***in fry guys
go on uptown f***ing senoritas
in taco bell screaming ""vivas gorditas!""
bring all your dogs i give em rabies
they never had a chance i might chew up all their babies
pope john paul the second, brain like satan
have your beaten girlfriend cooking up bacon
i'm obituite with that shit that you hit
slow my flick with ya cause mine to pick wit her
eminem:
my nine is limpin ya six deep when i spray rounds
hit you with 12 shots in mid air and four more on the way down
the eight straight strays to a kid's hair on the playground
you lay down on a stretcher no pun intended, snapped out of your whip
and leave it un attended before i whip out this gun and hit it
unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute
cause i can leave your infinite full of those even if someone's in it
snap the airbag, hit the corner and park it
you wanted a market, i got her tied up in a chair and gag
b****es get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged
like cave women, while i'm grave diggin' with marilyn man
mr. eon:
if you got a bowl of hash better cash it
dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit
eminem:
and if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone
i'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'm gonna detach it
mr. eon:
if you got a bowl of hash better cash it
dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit
eminem:
i'm flabergasted off two tabs of acid
threw my baby's mother in a nap sack and latched it
mr. eon:
yo, ""eon's whack now"", how you dig that?
couldn't get on my record if you were street rap
get the greater rate with these rhymes i be totin'
let's go back online and jerk off on your modem
i got stupid mucus from these loose lips
my loose leaf leave your whole persona weak
to the point when you stand up on your feet  best retreat
let's go back in time and steal my whole seed
the quickening, did a ?briss? at the crispening
i'm exercisin', to uplifting the foot stage
this thing's the nicest, i keep telling you
what the f*** this guy on the corner been selling you?
eminem:
i'm e mailing you, at the wrong website
mispelling you, break you and put the fear of hell in you
escape above you, stuff the nurse in a purse
disperse like i added too many words in a verse
slim shady, a perverted virgin at birth driving off, leaving the murdered virgin at church
the first person searching the earth for the motherf***er
that pulled the plug when they shoulda alerted the surgeon first
you don't curse and hit with your own words
leave me alone b****! i get on my own nerves
and if i don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up
then i'm takin' off both shoes and stickin' each middle toe up 
mr. eon:
if y'all got a bowl of hash better cash it
dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit 
eminem:
and if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone
i'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'm gonna detach it
mr. eon:
so if you got a bowl of has better cash it
dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit
eminem:
i'm flabergasted off two tabs of acid
threw my baby's mother in a hatch back and latched it
eminem:
any disease out there i'm willing to catch it....
slim shady.....all praises
to the high & mighty
:
  ""slim shady""
  ""naughty rotten rhymer""
  ""mr. eon""
  ""illest rhyme dropper""
  ""slim shady""
  ""naughty rotten rhymer""
  ""mr. eon""
  ""illest rhyme dropper""
  ""slim shady""
  ""n....nau..naughty...ro..ro..rotten rhyme....rhyme..rhy..rhymer""
  ""mr. eon""
  ""illest rhyme drop...drop..drop..dro..dro..rhyme dropper"""
"when i was just a little baby boy,
my momma used to tell me these crazy things.
she used to tell me my daddy was an evil man,
she used to tell me he hated me.
but then i got a little bit older and i realized,
she was the crazy one.
but there was nothin' i could do or say to try to change her,
cuz that's just the way she was.
they said i can't rap about bein' broke no more.
they say i can't rap about coke no more.
 slut, you think i won't choke no whore
'till the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!
 these motherf***ers are thinkin' i'm playin'
thinkin' i'm sayin' this shit cuz i'm thinkin' it just to be sayin' it
 put your hands down b****, i ain't gon' shoot you.
i'ma pull +you+ to this bullet, and put it through you
 shut up slut, you're causin' too much chaos
just bend over and take it like a slut, okay ma?
""oh, now he's rapin' his own mother, abusing a whore,
snorting coke, and we gave him the rolling stone cover?""
you goddamn right b****, and now it's too late,
i'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states.
i invented violence, you vile venomous volatile b****es
vain vicodin, vrinnn vrinnn, vrinnn! texas chainsaw, left his brains all
danglin' from his neck, while his head barely hangs on.
blood, guts, guns, cuts.
knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts.
chorus: eminem
b**** i'ma kill you! you don't wanna f*** with me.
girls leave   you ain't nuttin but a slut to me
b**** i'ma kill you! you ain't got the balls to beef.
we ain't gon' never stop beefin' i don't squash the beef.
you better kill me! i'ma be another rapper dead
for poppin' off at the mouth with shit i shouldn'ta said.
but when they kill me   i'm bringin' the world with me.
b****es too! you ain't nuttin' but a girl to me.
..i said you don't, wanna f*** with shady, 'cause shady, will f***in' kill you. i said you don't, wanna f*** with shady, cuz shady, will f***in' kill you
b**** i'ma kill you! like a murder weapon, i'ma conceal you
in a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
buck with me, i been through hell, shut the hell up!
i'm tryin' to develop these pictures of the devil to sell 'em
i ain't acid rap, but i rap on acid
got a new blow up probe and just had a strap on added.
whoops! is that a subliminal hint? no!
just criminal intent to sodomize women again
eminem offend? no! eminem on assault.
and if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
to do it again, then, if he does it again
you'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up in the 10th
 b**** i'ma kill you, i ain't done, this ain't the chorus.
i ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
a bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times
in the tub but that's normal ain't it norman?
serial killer hidin' murder material
in a cereal box on top of your stereo
here we go again, we're out of our medicine,
out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in.
chorus 
eh heh, know why i say these things?
cause ladies' screams keep creepin' in shady's dreams.
and the way things seem, i shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
these eighty g's a week to say the same things tweece!
twice? whatever, i hate these things
f*** shots! i hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
motherf***ers want me to come on their radio shows
just to argue with 'em cuz their ratings stink?
f*** that! i'll choke radio announcer to bouncer,
from fat b**** to all seventy thousand pounds of her.
from principal, to the student body, and counselor,
from in school, to before school, to out of school.
i don't even believe in breathin', i'm leavin' air in your lungs
just to hear you keep screamin' for me to seep it.
okay, i'm ready to go play
i got the machete from o.j.
i'm ready to make everyone's throats ache!
you f*****s keep eggin' me on 'till i have you at knifepoint, then you beg
me to stop?
shut up! gimme your hands and feet!
i said shut up when i'm talkin to you!
you hear me? answer me!
chorus (first line starts ""or i'ma kill you!""
ninth line starts ""b**** i'ma kill you!"")
 hahaha, i'm just playin' ladies. you know i love you."
"yeah, it's crazy, i'm a made all this money from doin' this
d. a. got that dope
now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty
twenty five, thirty, yeah, get the money
throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny
earn it just to burn it, swag drippin' from me
that's what i do with money, got money up the ass
call it toilet paper, yeah, flushed with cash
girl, nice butt, is it up for grabs?
just wanna touch your ass, is that too much to ask? yeah
i made it grip, i know it's tough to grasp, get the bag
call it potato chips, i stuff in duffel bags
in some public transportation shit, 'cause i will bust your ass
get the chain, i'm off the trailer hitch, i got a bunch of swag
now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty
twenty five, thirty, yeah, get the money
throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny
earn it just to burn it, swag drippin' from me
yeah, i'm a yeah, i'm a  , i'm a  , i'm a yeah, look, yeah
my income is all that amends, um
girl, your man is nincompoop, a symptom
of a simp 'cause he spent some new to get some
ask for me, i'm with kim jong un, a pimp son
swag dripping, i'm in a pub
went up to this chick, who was so tipsy, we went to hug
ended up tripping, i picked her up
she yelled out it's her birthday
she's fifty and in the club
then it comes on  , then in the club's up she's a buzz saw  , we goin' numb score i live on the edge, she's a jump off call her cinderella  , she loves balls 
now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty
twenty five, thirty, yeah, get the money
throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny
earn it just to burn it, swag drippin' from me
yeah, i'm a 
attack like the ripper
all over the track doin' laps like a stripper
now  , now  , we'll vow  it out rap circles around  , surround sound john rambo's back and my ammo stacked
and i'm cocking rap, some on your head
other words, i'm stocking caps and i'm talking facts
like office max
never down, i'll be up like an insomniac
girl, i got racks you gotta rack
how you got all that back and no body fat
i'm in awe with that
when i stop the pontiac at the laundry mat that i saw you at
you almost had a heart attack when you met cardiac
you ran inside, told your boyfriend like, ""i'll be back""
but for all you know i probably act like i'm daniel wozniak
i'm a psycho chopathic killer
i'm a capular caterpillar
with the botanic of bananas you ain't never heard better vernacular comin after your scapular
for the lack of a better word dracula
'cause i'm attackin' a rapper in the phrenic nerve
i'm a savage back, put the dagger in the back of competitors
predator and scavenger
i am a carnivore in a ball, at the dollar store
what the f*** you got a wallet for? y'all are poor
i was livin' in squalor but uh uh, not no more
now i'm the one they holla for
f***in' shit up like a dinosaur in a china store
b****, i'm number five—  —minus four 
now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty
twenty five, thirty, yeah, get the money
throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny
earn it just to burn it, swag drippin' from me
yeah, i'm a yeah, i'm a  , i'm a  , i'm a yeah"
"you sound like a b****, b****
shut the f*** up
when your fans become your haters
you done?
f***in' beard's weird
alright
you yellin' at the mic, f***in' weird beard we doin' this once
you yellin' at the mic, your beard's weird
why you yell at the mic? 
rihanna just hit me on a text
last night i left hickeys on her neck
wait, you just dissed me? i'm perplexed
insult me in a line, compliment me on the next
damn, i'm really sorry you want me to have a heart attack
was watchin' 8 mile on my nordictrack
realized i forgot to call you back
here's that autograph for your daughter, i wrote it on a starter cap
stan, stan, son
listen, man, dad isn't mad
but how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun
and have a man bun?
the giant's woke, eyes open, undeniable
supplyin' smoke, got the fire stoked
say you got me in a scope, but you grazed me
i say one call to interscope and you're swayze
your reply got the crowd yelling, ""woo!""
so before you die let's see who can out petty who
with your corny lines  ow, kelly, ooh
but i'm 45 and i'm still outselling you
by 29, i had three albums that had blew
now let's talk about somethin' i don't really do
go in someone's daughter's mouth stealin' food
but you're a f***in' mole hill
now i'ma make a mountain out of you, woo!
ho, chill, actin' like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow
gunner? b****, you ain't a bow and arrow
say you'll run up on me like a phone bill, sprayin' lead playin' dead, that's the only time you hold still are you eating cereal or oatmeal?
what the f***'s in the bowl, milk? wheaties or cheerios?
'cause i'm takin' a shit in 'em, kelly, i need reading material
...dictionary...
""yo, slim, your last four albums sucked
go back to recovery,"" oh shoot, that was three albums ago
what do you know? oops
know your facts before you come at me, lil' goof
luxury, oh, you broke, b****? yeah, i had enough money in '02
to burn it in front of you, ho
younger me? no, you the wack me, it's funny but so true
i'd rather be 80 year old me than 20 year old you
'til i'm hitting old age
still can fill a whole page with a 10 year old's rage
got more fans than you in your own city, lil' kiddy, go play
feel like i'm babysitting lil tay
got the diddy okay so you spent your whole day
shootin' a video just to f***in' dig your own grave
got you at your own wake, i'm the billy goat
you ain't never made a list next to no biggie, no jay
next to taylor swift and that iggy ho, you about to really blow
kelly, they'll be putting your name
next to ja, next to benzino die, motherf***er!
like the last motherf***er sayin' hailie in vain
alien brain, you satanist my biggest flops are your greatest hits
the game's mine again and ain't nothin' changed but the locks
so before i slay this b**** i, mwah, give jade a kiss
gotta wake up labor day to this bein' rich shamed by some prick usin' my name for clickbait
in a state of bliss 'cause i said his goddamn name
now i gotta cock back, aim
yeah, b****, pop champagne to this! it's your moment
this is it, as big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it
had to give you a career to destroy it
lethal injection
go to sleep six feet deep, i'll give you a b for the effort
but if i was three foot eleven
you'd look up to me, and for the record
you would suck a d*** to f***in' be me for a second
lick a ballsack to get on my channel
give your life to be as solidified
this mothaf***in' shit is like rambo when he's out of bullets
so what good is a f***in' machine gun when it's out of ammo?
had enough of this tatted up mumble rapper
how the f*** can him and i battle?
he'll have to f*** kim in my flannel
i'll give him my sandals
'cause he knows, long as i'm shady he's gon' have to live in my shadow
exhausting, letting off on my offspring
lick a gun barrel, b****, get off me!
you dance around it like a sombrero, we can all see
you're f***in' salty
'cause young gerald's balls deep inside of halsey
your red sweater, your black leather
you dress better, i rap better
that a death threat or a love letter?
little white toothpick
thinks it's over a pic, i just don't like you, prick
thanks for dissing me
now i had an excuse on the mic to write ""not alike""
but really i don't care who's in the right
but you're losin' the fight you picked
who else want it? kells attempt fails! budden l's!
f***in' nails in these coffins as soft as cottonelle
killshot, i will not fail, i'm with the doc still
but this idiot's boss pops pills and tells him he's got skills
but, kells, the day you put out a hit's the day diddy admits
that he put the hit out that got pac killed, ah!
i'm sick of you bein' wack
and still usin' that mothaf***in' auto tune
so let's talk about it i'm sick of your mumble rap mouth
need to get the cock up out it
before we can even talk about it i'm sick of your blonde hair and earrings
just 'cause you look in the mirror and think
that you're marshall mathers don't mean you are, and you're not about it
so just leave my d*** in your mouth and keep my daughter out it
you f***in' oh
and i'm just playin', diddy
you know i love you"
"aww, look at daddy's baby girl
that's daddy baby
little sleepy head
yesterday i changed your diaper,
wiped you and powdered you.
how did you get so big?
can't believe it, now you're two
baby, you're so precious,
daddy's so proud of you
sit down, b****,
if you move again i'll beat the shit out of you
don't make me wake this baby,
she doesn't need to see
what i'm about to do
quit crying, b****
why do you always make me shout at you?
how could you?
just leave me
and love him out the blue
oh, what's'a matter kim?
am i too loud for you??
too bad, b****,
you gonna finally hear me out this time
at first, i'm like all right,
you wanna throw me out?
that's fine!
but not for him to take my place,
are you out you're mind?
this couch, this tv,
this whole house is mine.
how could you let him sleep in our bed?
look at him,
look at your husband now!
i said look at him!
he ain't so hot now is he?
little punk
shut the f*** up!
you think i give a f***?!
come on, we're going' for a ride, b****
sit up front.
we'll be right back
well, i will,
you'll be in the trunk.
so long
b****, you did me so wrong
i don't wanna go on
livin' in this world without you
so long
b****, you did me so wrong
i don't wanna go on
livin' in this world without you
you really f***ed me, kim
you really did a number on me
never knew me cheatin' on you
would come back to hunt me.
but we was kids then, kim, i was only 18!
that was years ago,
i thought we wiped the slate clean
that's f***ed up!
oh, god, my brain is racin'!
what are you doing?
change the station, i hate this song!
does this look like a big joke?
there's a 4 year old boy
lyin' dead with a slit throat
in your living room   ha, ha!
what? you think i'm kiddin' you
 you loved him didn't you?
bullshit
you b****
don't f***ing lie to me
.
what the f***'s this guy's problem on the side of me
f*** you, asshole, yeah, bite me
kim? kim?
why don't you like me?
you think i'm ugly, don't you?
no! you think i'm ugly!
get the f*** away from me, don't touch me
i hate you! i hate you!
i swear to god, i hate you!
oh my god, i love you
how the f*** could you do this to me?
how the f*** could you do this to me?
so long
b****, you did me so wrong
i don't wanna go on
livin' in this world without you
so long
b****, you did me so wrong
i don't wanna go on
livin' in this world without you
come on, get out.
i said get out, b****!
f*** you!
you did this to us
you did it, it's your fault.
oh my god, i'm crackin up, get a grip, marshall!
hey, remember the time we went to brian's party?
and you were, like, so drunk
that you threw up all over archie?
that was funny, wasn't it?
that was funny, wasn't it?
see, it all makes sense, doesn't it?
you and your husband had a fight
one of you tries to grab a knife,
and during the struggle, he accidentally
gets his adam's apple sliced
and while this is goin' on
his son just woke up,
and he just walks in
she panics
and he gets his throat cut, so
now they both dead
.and you slash your own throat,
so now it's double homicide and suicide
i should have known better
when you started to act weird,
we could've...
hey! where ya goin'?
get back!
here! you can't run from me, kim!
it's just us, nobody else! you're only
makin' this harder on yourself!
ha, ha    gotcha!
go ahead yell
here, i'll scream with ya!
""ah, somebody, help!""
don't you get it b****?
no one can hear you
now shut the f*** up and get
what's comin to you
you were supposed to love me!
now bleed, b****, bleed!
bleed, b****, bleed... bleeed!
so long
b****, you did me so wrong
i don't wanna go on
livin' in this world without you
so long
b****, you did me so wrong
i don't wanna go on
livin' in this world without you"
"hey yo head, thats why i fuked your mother yo fat muthafuker
kill whitey
kill whitey kill whitey
kill whitey
first off fuk your songs and the shit you say
diss my wife but tleast i gotta b**** you g**
you claim to be a mslim but uirish white
so fuk you fatboy drop the mike lets fight
plus i punch you in the chest
weak hearts i ring
sum 1 else finish his song im not in the mood!"
"hook
tell me where to go, tell me what to do
i'll be right there for you
tell me what to say, don't matter if it's true
i'll say it all for you
i used to be the type of kid
would always think the sky is falling
why am i so differently wired? am i a martian?
what kind of twisted experiment am i involved in
because i belong in this world
that's why scoffering authority, defined often
flying off  to handle it with mom, no dad
so i'm non complying at home, at school
i'm just shy and awkward
and no i don't need no goddamn psychologist
trynna diagnose why i have all these underlying problems
thinking he can try and solve them
i'm outside chalking up joints on the sidewalk
and in the front drive talking to myself
either that or inside hiding often to going somewhere quiet
trying not to be noticed because i'm crying and sobbing
i had a bad day at school so i ain't talking
some cocksucker shoved me into a f***ing locker
because he said i eyeballed him
and if you fall, ill get you there
i'll be your savior from all the words
that are inside your world
please have faith in my words
because... this is my legacy, legacy, ehh
there's no guarantee, it's not up to me looking
this is my legacy, legacy
i used to be the type of kid would always think
the sky is falling
why am i so differently wired am i
i used to be the type of kid would always think
the sky is falling
why am i so differently wired? am i a nogging?
cuz' sporadic as my thoughts come its mind boggling
cuz i obsess on everything and my mind it's small shit
bothers me but now my father he said cyanoira
and split but i don't give a shit. i'm fine along
as theirs batteries in my walkman
nothing is the matter with me
shit look at the bright side at least i ain't walking
i bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment
complex on a ten speed which
i've acquired parts i found in the garbage
a frame and put tires on it, headphones
on straight ahead and gives a *** shit, but if this
try and put up a fight's nonsense, but i think
what about those rhymes i've been jottin'
instead of tryina escape through my comics, why don't i
to put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that
say what i wanna say to the kid that said that i eyeballed him
grab hold of my balls like that's right fight's on b****
who would've knew from the moment i turned the mic on
i could be iconic, and my conquest is worth to fight"
"step by step, heart to heart,
left right left
we all fall down
chorus
step by step, heart to heart,
left right left
we all fall to down, like toy soldiers
bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
but the battle wages on, for toy soldiers
i'm suppose to be the soldier
who never blows his composure
even though i hold the weight
of the whole world on my shoulders
i ain't never suppose to show it,
my crew ain't suppose to know it
but if it means going toe to toe with the benzino,
it don't matter i'd never drag 'em in battles
that i can handle 'less i absolutely have to
i'm suppose to set an example, i need to be the leader
my crew looks for me to guide 'em
if some shit ever just pop off i'm suppose to be beside 'em
now ja said i tried to squash it,
it was too late to stop it
there's a certain line you just don't cross
and he crossed it
i heard him say hailie's name on a song
and i just lost it
it was crazy, this shit be way
beyond some jay z and nas shit
and even though the battle was won, i feel like we lost it
i spent too much energy on it, honestly i'm exhausted
and i'm so caught in it
i almost feel i'm the one who caused it
this ain't what i'm in hip hop for, it's not why i got in it
that was never my object for someone to get killed
why would i wanna destroy something i help build
it wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
i went through my whole career
without ever mentionin' now it's just out of respect, for not runnin' my mouth
and talkin' about something that i knew nothing about
plus dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
so i did, i just fell back,
watched and gritted my teeth
while he's all over tv,
down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
like ""f*** it i understand"" this is business
and this shit just isn't none of my business
but still knowin' this shit could pop off
at any minute 'cause...
chorus
step by step, heart to heart,
left right left
we all fall down, like toy soldiers
bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
but the battle wages on, for toy soldiers
there used to be a time when,
you could just say a rhyme
and wouldn't have to worry about
one of your people dyin'
but now it's elevated 'cause
once you put someone's kids in it
the shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?
it's a different ball game callin' names
and you ain't just rappin'
we actually tried to stop the 50 and ja beef from happenin'
me and dre had sat with him, kicked it
and had a chat with him
and asked him not to start it
he wasn't gonna go after him
until ja started yappin' in magazines
how we stabbed him
f*** it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it
meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions
some receptionist at the source
who answers phones at his desk
has an erection for me
and thinks that i'll be his resurrection
tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
but now he's f***ed the game up
'cause one of the ways i came up
was through that publication
the same one that made me famous
now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
well f*** it, that motherf***er could get it too,
f*** him then
but i'm so busy being pissed off
i don't stop to think
that we just inherited 50's beef with murder inc.
and he's inherited mine which is fine
ain't like either of us mind
we still have soldiers that's on the front line
that's willing to die for us,
as soon as we give the orders
never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
we'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
to show them we love 'em back
and let 'em know how important it is
to have runyon avenue soldiers up in our corners
their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
but i ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered,
it ain't worth it
i can't think of a perfecter way to word it
then to just say that i love y'all too much to see the verdict
i'll walk away from it all
'fore i let it go any further
but don't get it twisted,
it's not a plea that i'm coppin'
i'm just willin' to be the bigger man
if y'all can quit poppin' off at your jaws with the knockin'
'cause frankly i'm sick of talkin'
i'm not gonna let someone else's coffin
rest on my conscience 'cause...
chorus
step by step, heart to heart,
left right left
we all fall down, like toy soldiers
bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
but the battle wages on, for toy soldiers"
"i trust that everyone is enjoying the music
as the title of the album suggests
this was meant for your listening pleasure
while you are being done in
call this evil intent, like me in a limo like the shade in these windows
smoke gray, ladies go mental
but no way they can see in though oj blade is a pencil propane takin' my cranium
code name titanium temple
i almost swallowed my car
i call my mercedes a benzo
b****, i ball like a baby
ball like j, but not jay as in
jay z, j as in leno
'cause i got a huge mansion
no, huge man chin, new manson, loose cannon
too scandalous, sue atkins
the kinda crazy you can't fix
i'm still the one that your parents hate
i'm in your house eatin' carrot cake
while i sit there and wait and i marinate
i'm irritated, you 'bout to meet a scary fate
and come home to find yourself starin' straight
into a f***in' barrel like sharon tate
raise the concerto while i narrate
yeah, you be on the straight
and narrow like a f***in' arrow shape
i be on a higher plane in aerospace
with so much leg room and air space on this airplane
unlike you 'cause you're on a flight too
but it's a staircase
now, little engine go, finna vrin vrin go
i'm losin' control
heroin and blow, marilyn monroe
overd d dose
time to ri rick roll, up the en endo
like a win window
little engine gone, little engine
i am the top selling, who cares?
stop dwelling, then stop yelling
i'm not yelling, you're yelling
smart aleck, goddammit
f*** is that? stop hammering that's what it sounds like in my brain
much as i fight to restrain
i have the right to remain violent
any rhyme that i say can and will be used against you
icicle veins, mics will get slain
life, it will strangle you with bicycle chain
you're gonna have to come identify the remains
wait, what?
i said my head is twisted like a bread tie can't get a f***in' word in, edgewise success overnight like a red eye dressed like a jedi at a best buy on the westside
i'm hot dog, no you're not
i'm the guy with the oscar at meijers
in appliances by the washers and dryers
chick ran up like, ""marshall on fire""
i looked down and said, ""no, i'm not, you're a liar""
she said, ""no, your music""
heard you're back with the doctor and i heard
now, little engine go, finna vrin vrin go
i'm losin' control
heroin and blow, marilyn monroe
overd d dose
time to ri rick roll, up the en endo
like a win window
little engine gone, little engine
dr. dre
 psycho killer,  michael, thriller
 my flow apeshit,  i go rilla
 my flow still a  psycho killer  hi ho, silva
similes and idioms giddy up
i think i can, i think i can
i know i can, psycho i am
michael, my knife go right hand
in my left hand, i hold mic stand
little engine gone
chicka ch ch chill like i z z zero, zero, zip, zip, zilch like kaepernick
i got kn kn kneel  , word to goodwill will
this must be how bein' hoodrich feels
was a ghetto boy
now i ball out like bushwick bill finna take you out like an outro
bruce wayne and alfred, look out ho
blueface meets albert desalvo
balboa with a scalpel
scoundrel hound with a mouth full of alpo
now, little engine go, finna vrin vrin go
i'm losin' control
heroin and blow, marilyn monroe
overd d dose
time to ri rick roll, up the en endo
like a win window
little engine gone, little engine
gone"
"don't stop
don't stop
yeah, bad and evil is we bout to get into a tail of gunner that details the dungeon
this is the pale moon illuminates the hail and thundering
oh once again where i fail from blundering
shady lifted his wing than i fell from under it
now i'm freefallin'
my career is gone and the weed callin'
regardless of who's fault i was b ballin'
god bubble wrapped me and dropped me on top of the earth
marshall double backed and got me from on top of the hearse
i'm alive n gga, justin t ain't got nothing on me
cause i done cried mary j blige rivers
i realised that god's with us as soon as i decided to put that bottle down and pick up my tie bridges
the writings on the wall since n ggas seen me at the baseball game with shady and jay z
suddenly everybody calls
""like i'm just checking on you dog""
while i throw up this message on the star
when them bottles stop poppin'
and them dollars start stopping
do what you did to get it and dont stop i made a promise to my momma
i'mma out live her
how can i be a quitter when haters dont stop 
i'm living proof n gga
its pretty safe to say
god giveth and god taketh away
its the worldwide american way
i'm living proof n gga
your body language is sayin' your confidence is gone
well pick ya ass up lil homie, come on
you just gone sit there and take it or make em suck it
tell em where to shove it straight up f ck it,
the last time the light kicked me in the ass
i pulled down it's pants and put a foot up its ass
man what a catastrophy it'd be for me to be a b**** ass p ssy
and not open a can of whoop ass
did ya piss ass whoop me will be the day i say i aint poop
shit, the day that i dont straight shoot
i'll drop out of my anti women hate group
say i'm a sissy f*****, record it play it back and put it on straight loop
you haters look like you ate a grape fruit
you see me climbing back on that wagon
got my swagga back i was dragging, hop back on it
grab the reigns on that bastard and came back on em
without remorse man
man of course i'm a one trick pony
cause i'll be screaming on these horns till i'm hoarse!
when them bottles stop poppin'
and them dollars start stopping
do what you did to get it and dont stop i made a promise to my momma
i'mma out live her
how can i be a quitter when haters dont stop 
i'm living proof n gga
its pretty safe to say
god giveth and god taketh away
its the worldwide american way
i'm living proof n gga
nah i aint fading yet
i'd rather stay and rap
i mighta made a deck
i find excitement in wondering what i'ma write next
so i dont stay in debt
me broke
you might aswell cut the embryo out my momma and play catch with the baby
with ak's with baby bayonet's
i'ma get rich or i'mma die trying
thats why its either kill or be killed
so call me suicide homocide ryan
theres a bomb inside my head
i'ma live wire, i am on the edge
teetering on it like i tore the iron mike
get on a nut like a tyre iron
i have no desire stopping so why would i drop and roll
thats how much im flying higherrappers are fun and i'm the time cause i'm just flying by"
"yo, if you could just, for one minute
or one split second in time, forget everything
everything that bothers you, or your problems
everything, and follow me
if i was frozen inside of a moment
if i could capture time inside a capsule
an hourglass full of sand in the palm of my hand
it passes through it
if i can grasp it, and just control what happens to it
then i can trap it
so no more time elapses through it
if raps could do it
maybe i could tap into it
then i could try to channel it through cadillacs and buicks
to transmit through 'em
to make you put your ass into it
and that's when you hit the roof
because you can't sit through it
your passions too much for you to not to be dancing to it
and as you do it
your movements become fast and fluent
you're mashin' to it, moshing
until you're black and bluish
and shit you're acting foolish
this music it has influenced you to be rowdy
but in an orderly fashion
true it's chaotic
but it's got your body moving as a unit
uniting together tonight, so make it last and you better just
lose yourself in this music
this moment we own it
we won't never let it go you better move yourself
because tomorrow's ass can wait
there is no time, to sit there and procrastinate
you better lose yourself in this music
this moment we own it
we won't never let it go you better move yourself
because tomorrow's ass can wait
there is no time, to sit there and procrastinate
you better
cause when we descend together
we begin to move as one
in perfect unison just like the moon and sun
illuminate the room
and humans soon become aluminum
rhythmically in sync, if you'll excuse the pun
but if you close loose it once
i mean if you could let shit go
relax, take a breath, and just let it exit slow
to rest your soul
you could leave the rest to me
if i could give the world a hit of ecstasy
to make 'em feel the feeling
i'm feeling right this minute
cause i feel like the night won't end til i get finished
so close the shades
makin' sure no light gets in it
the skies the limit tonight because the night's infinite
a high percentage
of black people and white mixed in it
but no one really gives a f***
because they just like what's spinnin'
his life was spinnin', the whole entire night just spinnin'
like life's beginning
so come out from inside your skin and quit hidin' in it
lose yourself in this music
this moment we own it
we won't never let it go you better move yourself
because tomorrow's ass can wait
there is no time, to sit there and procrastinate
you better lose yourself in this music
this moment we own it
we won't never let it go you better move yourself
because tomorrow's ass can wait
there is no time, to sit there and procrastinate
you better"
"i never meant to
give you mushrooms girl
i never meant to
bring you to my world
and now you're lying in the corner
crying
i never meant to give you mushrooms girl
i never meant to bring you to my world and now your sitting in the corner cyring
and now its my fault my fault
i went to john's rave with ron and dave
and met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
a nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date
susan    an ex heroin addict who just stopped usin
who love booze and alternative music told me she was goin back into usin again i said, wait, first try this hallucinogen
it's better than heroin, henn, the booze or the gin
c'mere, let's go in here
who's in the den?""
""it's me and kelly!""
my bad,  let's try another room
""i don't trust you!""
shut up slut! chew up this mushroom
this'll help you get in touch with your roots
we'll get barefoot, buttnaked, and run in the woods
""oh hell, i might as well try em, this party is so drab""
oh dag!!
""what?""
i ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag!
""huh?!""
chorus 
yo sue!
""get away from me, i don't know you""
oh shoot, she's tripping..
""i need to go puke!!""
i wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major
i just wanted to make you appreciate nature
susan, stop cryin, i don't hate ya
the world's not against you, i'm sorry your father raped you
so what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth?
that ain't no reason to start wiggin and spaz out
she said,
""help me i think i'm havin a seisure!""
i said, i'm high too b****, quit grabbin my t shirt! would you calm down you're startin to scare me
she said,
""i'm twenty six years old and i'm not married
i don't even have any kids and i can't cook!""
 i'm over here sue,  you're talkin to the plant, look!
we need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
cause i never seen no one eat as many shrooms as you ate
chorus 
susan  where you goin? you better be careful
""leave me alone dad, i'm sick of gettin my hair pulled""
i'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue
want some gum? put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb
i'll be right back just chill baby please?
i gotta go find dave he's the one who gave me these
john, where's dave at before i bash you?
""he's in the bathroom; i think he's takin a crap dude!""
dave! pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
there's a girl upstairs talkin to plants
choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left
of spring break, how long do these things take to wear off?
""well it depends on how many you had""
i took three, she ate the other twenty two caps
now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs, drinkin lysol
""she's gonna die dude""
i know and it's my fault!
""my god!!!""
chorus 
my god, i'm so sorry!
i'm so sorry! susan please wake up!
please! please wake up!! what are you doing?!
you're not dead!! you're not dead!
i know you're not dead! oh my god!
susan wake up! oh god..."
"intro]
you dont see me in the hood
its because im doin this man
n****s im still grindin
im still hearin those sirens
im still gettin chased by those lights
only the lights, slime and my mics on
and my time is none, because im writing more
and i aint here to meet a soul in this business
im here to eat and speak until these ho's feel this
and i cant let ya'll derail me man
i got young kobie homie, you gotta let go of obie
because obie be back
we got them craps goin on, and that yack goin on
soon as a n**** touch down, back from torn
its whatever, put that on the cheddar man
but in the mean time, its jimmy iveen time
chased cheese rhyme till my voice give out
this is it my n****z, this what we boast about
now im here, so shut your mother f***in mouth
and show me love b****
chorus x2
i just wanna love ya
for the rest of my life
i wanna hold you in the morn'
hold you to the night
theres a certain mystique, when i speak
that you notice thats sort of unique
cause you know its me, my poetry's deep
and im stillmatic
the way i flow to this beat
you cant sit still
its like trying to smoke crack and go to sleep
im strapped, its knowin any minute, i could snap
im the equivelent if what would happen if bush rapped
i bully these rappers so bad, lyrically
it aint even funny, i aint even hungry
it aint even money, you cant pay me enough
for you to play me, its cockamayne
you just aint zaney enough, to rock with shady
my noodle is cockadoodle, my clock is coucou
i got screws loose, yah the whole kit n caboodle
im just brutal, its not rumour, im numeral uno
assume it, theres no humour in it, no more you know
im rollin with a swollen bowling ball in my bag
you need a f** to come and tear a new hole in my ass
you better love me, b****
chorus x2
]
my boys is crazy in the hood,
they holler my name
if it aint about the flow its bout the stones and the chain
if i was you, i'd love me too, i roll like a boss
911 porsche, same color as cranberry sauce
i aint goin front, i thought r kelly was the shit
let me find out, he f***ed around with bow wow b****
n****z eatin popcorn, right rewinding and the tape
now shory momma in the precinct, hollerin rape
im convinced man, theres something really wrong with these hos
i thought lil kim was hot till she started f***in with her nose
i used to listen to lauren hill, and tap my feet
then the b**** put out a cd and didnt have no beat
that boy d'angelo, hes determined not to fail
that n**** went bald ass for his record to sell
my back shots are help ashanti hit them high note
and big ben taught charlie b moore to deep throat
chorus x2"
"on the first page of our story
the future seemed so bright
then this thing turned out so evil
i don't know why i'm still surprised
even angels have their wicked schemes
and you take that to new extremes
but you'll always be my hero
even though you've lost your mind
just gonna stand there and watch me burn
but that's all right because i like the way it hurts
just gonna stand there and hear me cry
but that's all right because i love the way you lie
i love the way you lie
ohhh, i love the way you lie
now there's gravel in our voices
glass is shattered from the fight
in this tug of war, you'll always win
even when i'm right
‘cause you feed me fables from your hand
with violent words and empty threats
and it's sick that all these battles
are what keeps me satisfied
just gonna stand there and watch me burn
but that's all right because i like the way it hurts
just gonna stand there and hear me cry
but that's all right because i love the way you lie
i love the way you lie
ohhh, i love the way you lie
so maybe i'm a masochist
i try to run but i don't wanna ever leave
til the walls are goin' up
in smoke with all our memories
this morning, you wake, a sunray hits your face
smeared makeup as we lay in the wake of destruction
hush baby, speak softly, tell me i'll be sorry
that you pushed me into the coffee table last night
so i can push you off me
try and touch me so i can scream at you not to touch me
run out the room and i'll follow you like a lost puppy
baby, without you, i'm nothing, i'm so lost, hug me
then tell me how ugly i am, but that you'll always love me
then after that, shove me, in the aftermath of the
destructive path that we're on, two psychopaths but we
know that no matter how many knives we put in each other's backs
that we'll have each other's backs, 'cause we're that lucky
together, we move mountains, let's not make mountains out of molehills,
you hit me twice, yeah, but who's countin'?
i may have hit you three times, i'm startin' to lose count
but together, we'll live forever, we found the youth fountain
our love is crazy, we're nuts, but i refused counsellin'
this house is too huge, if you move out i'll burn all two thousand
square feet of it to the ground, ain't shit you can do about it
with you i'm in my f ckin' mind, without you, i'm out it
just gonna stand there and watch me burn
but that's all right because i like the way it hurts
just gonna stand there and hear me cry
but that's all right because i love the way you lie
i love the way you lie
ohhh, i love the way you lie
i love the way you lie"
"you still love me?
take this you ready? 1..2..3! 
the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
i know it's sad but it's makin' me happy
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
cuz you love me and i love you more
it's sick,but who could ever predict
we'd be doin' the same shit
we say we do it for our baby but we don't
we do it for us,it's lust
cuz neither one of us trust each other
so we f*** 'til we bust
then we cuss each other,out
we know what it's about
shout 'til i throw you out the house
you throw me out the house
i throw you on the couch
punch you in the mouth
fist fight 'til we turn this mother out!
and apologize after
laughter,pain,it's insane
we're back in the same chapter again
and it's sad but it's true
when i'm layin' here with you
there ain't nothin' anyone could ever say ever do
because
the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
i know it's sad but it's makin' me happy
the more that you slap me, the more it turns me on
cuz you love me and i love you more
cuz i hate you,do you hate me?
good cuz you're so f***in' beautiful when you're angry
it makes me wanna just take you
and just throw you on the bed
and f*** you like i don't even know you
you f*** other and i f*** other people
you a slut but i'm equal, i'm a mutt
we're both evil in our ways
but neither one of us would ever admit it
cuz one of us would have one up on the other
so forget it
we can make accusations
people spread rumors
but they ain't got proof
'til they do it's just the two of us
it's you and me,
cuz any chick can say that she's screwin' me
but you gotta believe me to a degree
cuz if you didn't i wouldn't be hittin' it
yeah i would cuz the sex is too damn good
if i ran who would i run to
that would be this soft and warm
so it's off and on, usually more off than on
but at least we know
that we share this common bond
you're the only one i can f*** without a condom on
i hope, the only reason that i cope
is cuz of that fact
and plus i can bust in that
and that's why...
the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
i know it's sad but it's makin' me happy
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
cuz you love me and i love you more
i could never understand it
that's why i don't try
from junior high until we both die
it's silly oh, why must we try
is it really so rough
that we must always call each others billy goat's gruff
try to pull each others legs
until the other begs
we're lying to ourselves
that's the beauty of it yeah
cuz we truly love each other
that's why we always fight
and all we do is shove each other
every other f***in' night
and it's clear it ain't gonna change
it's pent up rage
we both have
we both feel like we've been upstaged
by someone else
we've both been
someone else's someone else
problem is neither one wants help
it's an addiction and it can't be fixed
our family's mixed up
there's a baby sister in the mix
and it hurts cuz the pieces to the
puzzle don't fit
and anybody who thinks they know us
doens't know shit
and they're probably just tired of hearin' it
all the time
on every song, every lyric, and every rhyme
all the hoopla, all of the whoopdy whoop
what you put me through, f***in' whoopdy doo
but i won't be made a fool of
if this is true love
you wouldn't do what
you did last time
you wouldn't screw up
this time
cuz this time girl
i'm tellin' you what
you do it again i'm f***in' you up
no matter what...
what you say, what you do
i'ma hunt you down til' i find you
no matter where you run, i'll be right there
right behind you, in your nightmares
all the flowers and the candy
all the times that you threw it back at me
you say you hate me, you gon' hate me more
when you find out you can't escape me whore
the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
i know it's sad but it's makin' me happy
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
cuz you love me and i love you more"
"warning, this shit's gon be rated r, restricted
you see this bullet hole in my neck? it's self inflicted
doctor slapped my momma, ""b**** you got a sick kid""
arrested, molested myself and got convicted
wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises
cause my split personality is having an identity crisis
i'm dr. hyde and mr. jekyll, disrespectful
hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo
""murder murder redrum""
brain size of a bread crumb
which drug will i end up dead from
inebriated, till my stress is eleviated
""how in the f*** can eminem and shady be related?""
illiterate, illigitimate shit spitter
b**** getter, hid in the bush like margot kidder
jumped out  killed the b**** and did her
use to let the babysitter suck my d*** when i was little'er
smoke a blunt while i'm titty f***in bette midler
sniper, waiting on your roof like the fiddler
y'all thought i was gonna rhyme with riddler
didn't ya? bring your b**** i wanna see if this d*** gon' fit in her
chorus: eminem +    2x
 i'm low down and i'm shiftee!
""and if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
and ask him where the f*** did he get his damn raps from..""
i lace tunes, i'm out this world like space moons
with a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds
nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits
doing whippits, passed out like sanford snippits
where's the weed, i wanna tamper with it
i'ma let your grandpa hit it
mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it
f*** it, maybe i'm a bum
but i was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum
so what i'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage
losing all of my leverage
went up inside the first national bank broke, and left rich
walking bio hazard causing wreckage
smoked out like eckridge
band just making my neck itch
what the f***? gimme the tech b****
you just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast
got shit popping off like bottle cap tips
get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips
slap hips, support domestic violence
beat your b****es ass while your kids stare in silence
i'm just joking, is dirty dozen's really dust smoking?
if all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in
chorus
my head's ringing, like it was spider sense tingling
lit it like green bay did when they shitted on new england
i'm out the game, put the second string in
this brandy got my swinging
bobbing back and forth like a penguin
delinquent, toking microphones with broken english
make your mama be like ""ohh! this is good! who sing this?""
""slim shady, his tape is dope, i love it
it's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit.""
it was predicted by a medic
i'd grow to be an addicted diabetic
living off liquid triametic
pathetic, but i don't think this headache's ever vanishing
panicing, i think i might have just took too much anasin
frozen manaquin, posted stiffer than a statue
i think i'm dying, god is that you?
somebody help me, before i od on an lp
take me to er asap for and iv
motherf*** jlb, they don't support no hip hop
they say that's where it ends, the closest they gon come is tupac
it's politics, it's all a fix
setup by these white blue collared hicks
just to make a dollar off of black music
with a subliminal ball of tricks
but those can kiss ass and swallow d***s
chorus"
"you dont see me in the hood
its because im doin this man
n****s im still grindin
im still hearin those sirens
im still gettin chased by those lights
only the lights lime, and my mics on
and my time is none, because im writing more
and i aint here to meet a soul in this business
im here to eat, speak until these ho's feel this
and i cant let ya'll derail me man
i got young coby homie, you gotta let go of obie
because obie be backwe got them craps goin on, and that yack goin on
soon as a n**** touch down, back from tourin
its whatever, put that on the cheddar man
but in the mean time, its jimmy iovine time
chase cheese, rhyme till my voice give out
this is it my n****z, this what we boast about
now im here, so shut your mother f***in mouth
and show me love b****
chorus x2
i just wanna love ya
for the rest of my lifei wanna hold you in the morn'
hold you through the night
theres a certain mystique, when i speak
that you notice that sort of unique
cause you know its me, my poetry's deep
and im stillmatic the way i flow to this beat
you cant sit still
its like trying to smoke crack and go to sleep
im strapped, just knowin any minute, i could snap
im the equivelent if what would happen if bush rapped
i bully these rappers so bad, lyrically
it aint even funny, i aint even hungry
it aint even money, you cant pay me enough
for you to play me, its cacamamy
you just aint zaney enough, to rock with shady
my noodle is cockadoodle, my clock is cookoo
i got screws loose, yeh the whole kit n caboodle
im just brutal, its not rumour, im numeral uno
assume it, theres no humour in it, no more you know
im rollin with a swollen bowling ball in my bag
you need a f** to come and tear a new hole in my ass
you better love me, b****
chorus x2
my boys is crazy in the hood,
they holler my name
if it aint about the flow its bout the stones and the chainif i was you, i'd love me too, i roll like a boss
911 porsche, same color as cranberry sauce
i aint goin front, i thought r kelly was the shit
let me find out, he f***ed around with bow wow b****
n****z eatin popcorn, right rewinding and the tape
now shorty momma in the precinct, hollerin rape
im convinced man, something really wrong with these hos
i thought lil kim was hot till she started f***in with her nosei used to listen to lauren hill, and tap my feet
then the b**** put out a cd that didnt have no beat
that boy d'angelo, hes determined not to fail
that n**** went buttass for his record to sell
my back shots are help ashanti hit them high notes
and big ben taught charlie b moore to deep throat"
" 123...7:00 party at my friends house dr.dre want me to
sing new tunes and turn the place insideout i said...maby if mr.grady ill let
me out of detenchion and ill talk my mom out susption while im cooking
pancakes in the kitching at the same time making wishes hoping that theyll come
true cause its the only thing to do and if they do come true my life want be
so blue when i say make some you say noise make some
noise  make some every body
make some noise ...now the party aready is jumping..people left the nextdoors
neighbors party to come knocking on are door cause the music got more and more
loud while i chowd sandwitches singing making more noise the party got so wild
the police came while i listing to the negihbor say 2can play at that game the
people at the party were so insane and when the police left i herd dr.dre say"
"my name is marsh and this world, i'm out of it 'cause with all this a b c shit
i'm starting to sound like alf a bit
ha, i kill me, this medicine's counterfeit
i was mislead by the sound of it
how am i gonna get turnt up on this valium shit? 
checked in at the royal garden
to chill and avoid my problems
until paranoia caused me
to feel like i'm going bonkers
for real, think my toilet's talkin'
i spilled like, like forty bottles
of pills, think your boy is startin'
to feel like a spoiled carton of milk
'cause it just occurred
my girl's cheatin', i'm kickin' that f***ing b**** to the curb
but the word ""f***ing"" ain't meant to be a descriptive word
the type of b**** she is, ain't no adjective, it's a verb
ho thinks her snatch is magical
but that's how she attracts men, though
traps 'em and attack similar to an actual arachnid
or a vaginal tarantula or black widow
in fact, it'll be nothin' to throw
that lil' b**** with a capital b out the back window
of the black cadillac limo like a whack demo
when i'm strapped, when i spit rapid, like a ratchet
a halfwit, i'll aim at, then i'll
been fire b****, i can outrap reynolds
a pad and pen'll be great, but a napkin'll do
return of the whack sicko
head spinnin' like invisibl skratch piklz
yeah, shady's back, see the bat signal
it's time to go bat shit
like you accidentally ate a louisville slugger and crapped it
i'd like to introduce myself
hi there, b****
my name is marsh and, i'm out this world s on my chest  like it's plural call me extra, extraterrestrial
extra, extra, extraterrestrial 
i could keep beefin', f*** is the point?
i could make it really difficult
for motherf***ers to come to detroit
if you're still looking for smoke, i already gave you an l
i'd rather just see you in hell
but i should get puff on the joint wait, run it back, i said give you an l, inhale
puff on the joint, i am the blunt you avoid
used to get jumped for my prowings
when i was growing up
they said a slinky's a wonderful toy
my mother thought i was such a fun little boy
""oh, what a bundle of joy""
until the morning she suffered a punch in the groin
from a tantrum i was throwing
like a motherf***in' disgruntled employee
i don't cut the beat 'til i f***in' destroy it
once i get going, rain, thunder, it's storming
puddles are forming, i hear somebody's voice
in my head, say it's still a dream
then he said kill emcees
trippie redd, with pills and lean
sipping meds in the limousine
getting head, guillotine
my name's marsh and, i'm out this world s on my chest  like it's plural call me extra, extraterrestrial extra, extra, extraterrestrial
yeah
so all of y'all can just suck a penis i'll do the opposite eat you pussies like cunnilingus there ain't no stoppin' it they say i'm such a genius when that kamikaze hit now they call me ""butterfingers""
'cause i just keep droppin' shit you wanna butt heads? shut up, beavis, haha
i got your b**** with her butt out
i'm hittin' a lick 'cause she stickin' her tongue out you got no hitters, you might be pitchin' a shut out
she 'bout to give up the dugout i should just live in a nuthouse
right now, i live in an igloo and i'm not chillin' the f*** out
treat you like a stepparent
does to a stepchild with red hair and
plus i get dough like ed sheeran
so call me the ginger bread man
i'm a stan of redman, x clan and i'm a treach fan
but i look up to myself like a f***ing headstand so why, w w why else would i call myself an alien?
how could i hit a dry spell? i'm named after the wetlands
i'm marsh and, i'm out this world s on my chest  like it's plural call me extra, extraterrestrial my name is marsh and, my name is, my name is
my name is marsh"
"you know i just don't get it
last year i was nobody
this year i'm sellin records
now everybody wants to come around like i owe em somethin
heh, the f*** you want from me, ten million dollars?
get the f*** out of here
chorus one: eminem
you see i'm, just marshall mathers i'm just a regular guy,
i don't know why all the fuss about me nobody ever gave a f*** before,
all they did was doubt me now everybody wanna run they mouth
and try to take shots at me 
yo, you might see me joggin, you might see me walkin
you might see me walkin a dead rottweiler dog
with it's head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
hollerin at him cause the son of a b**** won't quit barkin
 or leanin out a window, with a cocked shotgun
drivin up the block in the car that they shot 'pac in
lookin for big's killers, dressed in ridiculous
blue and red like i don't see what the big deal is
double barrel twelve gauge bigger than chris wallace
pissed off, cause biggie and 'pac just missed all this
watchin all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
and get dollars that shoulda been there's like they switched wallets
and amidst all this crist' poppin and wristwatches
i had to sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
and walk around with an empty bottle of remi martin
startin shit like some 26 year old skinny cartman i'm anti backstreet and ricky martin
with instincts to kill n'sync, don't get me started
these f***in brats can't sing and britney's garbage
what's this b**** r*****ed? gimme back my sixteen dollars
all i see is sissies in magazines smiling
whatever happened to whylin out and bein violent?
whatever happened to catchin a good ol' fashioned
passionate ass whoopin and gettin your shoes coat and your hat tooken?
new kids on the block, sucked a lot of d***
boy/girl groups make me sick
and i can't wait 'til i catch all you f*****s in public
i'ma love it.. vanilla ice don't like me said some shit in vibe to spite me then went and dyed his hair just like me a bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
and run around screamin, ""i don't care, just bite me"" i think i was put here to annoy the world
and destroy your little 4 year old boy or girl
plus i was put here to put fear in f*****s who spray faygo root beer
and call themselves ""clowns"" cause they look queer
f*****2dope and silent g**
claimin detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away and i don't wrestle, i'll knock you f***in f*****s the f*** out
ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
after they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out
 ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck, blaow!
look at y'all runnin your mouth again
when you ain't seen a f***in mile road, south of 10
and i don't need help, from d 12, to beat up two females
in make up, who may try to scratch me with lee nails
""slim anus,"" you damn right, slim anus
i don't get f***ed in mine like you two little flaming f*****s!
cause i'm, just marshall mathers i'm not a wrestler guy,
i'll knock you out if you talk about me come and see me on the streets alone
if you assholes doubt me and if you wanna run your mouth
then come take your best shot at me 
is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
you little groupie b****, get off me, go f*** puffy
now because of this blonde mop that's on top
and this f***ed up head that i've got, i've gone pop?
the underground just spunned around and did a 360
now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
""oh, he just did some shit with missy,
so now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with mc get bizzy""
my f***in b**** mom's suin for ten million
she must want a dollar for every pill i've been stealin
shit, where the f*** you think i picked up the habit?
all i had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
which is it b****, mrs. briggs or ms. mathers?
it doesn't matter you  f*****!
talkin about i fabricated my past
he's just aggravated i won't ejaculate in his ass so tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
for every million i make, another relative sues
family fightin and fussin over who wants to invite me to supper
all the sudden, i got 90 some cousins a half brother and sister who never seen me
or even bothered to call me until they saw me on tv
now everybody's so happy and proud
i'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house
hey hey! and then to top it off, i walked to the newsstand
to buy this cheap ass little magazine with a food stamp
skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
and what do i see? a picture of my big white ass
okay, let me give you motherf***ers some help:
uhh, here   double xl, double xl
now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
ahh f*** it, i'll even buy a couple myself"
"artist: eminem f/ danaun porter and 3
maxine!! 
maxine: hello
denaun: can i speak to maxine?
maxine: yeah this is me what's up?
denaun: what up?
maxine: who dis?
denaun: denaun
maxine: yeah what's up?
denaun: what are you doing?
maxine: nothing, just laying in bed
denaun: huh?
maxine: nothing, just laying in bed
denaun: why?
maxine: i don't know, thinking about something freaky to do
verse 1: eminem
i know this crack fiend maxine who needs a vaccine
she tests positive but tells you that her act's clean
plus she got a sugar daddy
asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly
if you mistook her sadly, on her reputation
you're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation
when you step away son, she got her face done
looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if
you press the issue and get undressed to kiss you
if you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice
but when you catch the lice, or get the urgency
to go to the emergency cause it burns to pee
don't bring your germs to me, cause i ain't trying to hear it
while your fighting you f***ing disease trying to clear it 
verse 2: denaun porter
sometimes i wonder, what's your purpose? in life that is
to get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit
you living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night
you say it's gonna stop but it.. just.. slows.. down
and then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this
mystery, whatever your reason even is to be
you say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that
when you got n****s hiding in your closet
i refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely
verse 3: 3
i met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me
so i stepped on it and then asked my homies
and chilled on the side and then watched they n****s
big game over there and take notes, while i get this number
i stepped to her first i cleared my throat and said ""hey b****..
haven't i seen you before?"", looked at my n****
turned around and got slapped throughout my hands
and said ""oh it's like that?""
she said she just broke up with her n**** and shit
she started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit
she said her name was maxine, so i told her i wanted her number
she asked could i give her mine two
got to the crib and called her up
we got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could i f***
i said ""maxine check this out,
give me your address i'll be through and you'll find out""
got to the crib she let me in
she didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom
i said ""hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things""
what the f*** are you doing?
so i went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing
as she went for my midsection
i threw her down as i tore off her shirt
pulled out my jimmy and i thought about putting in work
before i hit it she said
""3 don't get mad but there's something that i gotta tell your ass""
i said ""what is it, another n****? it's ok""
she said ""no i forgot to tell you, that i got aids""
i got up out
denaun: hey, maxine
maxine: what
denaun: you thinking about sucking my d***?
maxine: yeah for a small price
denaun: for a small price? what you mean?
maxine: you know, money n****
denaun: you don't need no damn money,
i can't give you no money anyways, i heard you got some shit.
maxine:  what you, what you hear i got?
denaun: aids
maxine:  who told you that bullshit?
denaun: my n**** kyu, he wouldn't lie
maxine: well if that's the case, kyu got it then
denaun: oh for real, it's like that?
maxine:  well i ain't got shit,
so he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me,
i ain't f***ing around with no 3rd n****
denaun: f*** that, i ain't f***ing with you
maxine: no, see..
denaun: you got that shit, i ain't gotta f*** with you
maxine: hold on, why it ain't even like that
denaun: i want ya'll to get paid, f***ing..
maxine: "
"oh my goodness, what have i done?
oh no, i can't believe it
it's like i've got the whole world in my palm
and i'm ready to drop bombs
welcome to the slim shady mecca, rebecca
it's the village in new york, right next to the
tribeca
that's my sector, homosexual dissector
come again, rewind selector
i said nice rectum, i had a vasectomy, hector
so you can't get pregnant if i buy sex and erect ya'
hannibal lecter into guy sex and i bet ya'
i tantalize ya' and in less then 5 seconds i get ya'
they say once bitten and twice shy
well, i'm next to the guy with 9 ecstasy pills and 5 extra
boxes of ripped condoms and quantities
why? yes sir, i took the rest of the lunesta pills
from my dresser
that's my kind of vibe, what else should i try,
lester?
drop kicked the b**** before her second trimester
performed a home abortion with dexter
then i guess, i'll dig a fetus out with a wire hanger then digest her
i guess it's time for you to hate me again
let's begin, now hand me the pin
how should i begin it and where does it all end?
the world is just my medicine ball, you're all in
i said, i guess it's time for you to hate me again
let's begin, now hand me the pin
how should i begin it and where does it all end?
my medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends
all my west side b****es throw it up
put a balloon inside your p****, quief and blow it up
man, i think that eggers fell off the tip, didn't show enough
so you better change the station to keep from throwing up
man, you've seen it all before, you're all too
familiar with it
there's a penis on the floor and two balls so you know who did it
you know you with it girl, don't front, oh no, you
didn't
i won't rape all the p****cat dolls, nicole, you
kiddin'?
i'll pee on rihanna, see man, i'll do what i wanna
spray perfume in a sauna room, crazy gluing madonna
to the la z boy sofa, fold her in two then sit on her
imagine the visual for that man who would've thought i
could ever be such a relentless prick unleashing his vengeance
but the chick's so old, she looks like she outlived her life sentence
i never meant this rhyme to be so offensive
if you weren't so defensive, it wouldn't be, you're so sensitive
i guess it's time for you to hate me again
let's begin, now hand me the pin
how should i begin it and where does it all end?
the world is just my medicine ball, you're all in
i said, i guess it's time for you to hate me again
let's begin, now hand me the pin
how should i begin it and where does it all end?
my medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends
put christopher reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand
kick it up and push him and lead him right into
quicksand
here, you need a hand, big man?
grab a hold of this branch with both hands
man, they don't understand i'm just a sick man
now everybody's pissed at me like it's my fault
this name rhymes with so many different words, geez
so one last time, mr. christopher reeves
won't you break it down for me and just spit the
verse, please
eminem, i'm coming to kill you
always hated you and i still do
you'll never fill my shoes, my superman costume
doesn't even fit you, they don't feel you
you're taking this shit too far
who do you think you are? hang my suit up in the
armoire
everyday i hate you more and more
throw down the cardboard
let's break dance if you think you're hardcore
i guess it's time for you to hate me again
let's begin, now hand me the pin
how should i begin it and where does it all end?
the world is just my medicine ball, you're all in
i said, i guess it's time for you to hate me again
let's begin, now hand me the pin
how should i begin it and where does it all end?
my medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends
the world is mine"
"doc, doc, you gotta give us some good news
don't let me find out, the b**** in you
don't let me find out, the snitch in you
fame and fortune
it's not your forte
f*** the world now
i'm done with foreplay
doctor's orders
go f*** yourself
take two a day
set them on an overdose
and kill yourself
doctor's orders
listen, this is my evaluation
this shit over saturated, y'all can get evacuated
kids sipping actavis and they ain't even activated
married to the internet, stuck in place, salivating
ain't nobody graduating
don't nobody love this shit the way i love it
that's why i gotta hate it
everybody out for fame, that ain't no exaggeration
damn i'm getting aggravated, f***, i'm getting agitated
teachers so underpaid in these f***ing schools
the police got our name in all they databases
girls be thirteen acting twenty two
n****s be forty four acting half they ages
somebody tell me, what the f*** is going on?
these n****s in tight shit, i'm in the f***ing matrix
it's looking like a sign of the revelation
'bout time of the return of the f***in' greatest
i got all these patients man
how come they ain't patient with me?
they just think i want the money, why?
when i can't take it with me
y'all don't do it for the love, for the love not
they gon' find out who you are
just admit 'fore you get admitted
say, what you living about
f*** you gon' tell me
do you remember how you started out though
you looking lost now
fake it 'til you make it
take your little paper book
when you look in the mirror your credibility's gone now
i'd rather be hated on for who i am
than to be loved for who i'm not
that's word to doc
fame and fortune
it's not your forte
f*** the world now
i'm done with foreplay
doctor's orders
go f*** yourself
take two a day
set them on an overdose
and kill yourself
doctor's orders
in the beginning a few of the people who had a problem
i was this good, scoffed, i just shook off
probably reminded you
of the first time you saw tiger woods golf
never thought about
how much my race and nationality meant
but based on how i ascended
see how plain it was now, they want me to jet
no one really gave a f*** about my descent, 'till i took off
mistook me because i look soft
but i stood tall, i just follow the so i rose and grew balls, told these hoes to screw off
decided opposing you is what i'm? posed to do alls
i did was say what i'm feeling when the vocal booth calls
and had you on pins and needles when i spoke to you all
you felt my pain, it's almost like i poked voodoo dolls
and i hope my spirit haunts the studios when i'm gone
my picture jumps off a poster
and just floats through the halls
and f***ing goes through the walls
like the ghost of lou rawls
karma's headed for armageddon, the drama setter
i'm going in, already got an arm and head
and whoever said word are just words
can't hurt me more than i give a f***
even if my image ends up taking a personal hit
whoever i hurt or whatever bridges i burned
in this b**** and whatever b****es feel like
they didn't deserve what they get
and whatever consequences come with every verse
it's worth it
so doc turn the beat on
whose turn is it to get murdered on it?
and here's to all the years i spent toeing a line to overtime
as sure as i'm always lying, in my mind
i'm still underground as a groundhog and i'mma go for mine
like a whole furrow
just tryna dig up some gold and diamonds and coal to find
i'm starting to slow and these lines full of nines
i just load up the most rhymes
and open fire with a closed mind
all i needed was someone to co sign, been a assault rifle with the sniper scope for this whole time
day one, set with the blasters, give me the orders
i spray uh
pain in the ass and get shot in the ass with a paint gun
ain't no one safe from, non believers there ain't none
i even make the b****es i rape cum
i'm waiting on someone to say something
dre make the bass pump
and let the tape run for old time's sake
i spit it straight through, this is take one
the moment you're waiting for has come but
fame and fortune
it's not your forte
f*** the world now
i'm done with foreplay
doctor's orders
go f*** yourself
take two a day
set them on an overdose
and kill yourself
doctor's orders
doctor's orders
doctor's orders"
"lyrics
2pac:
i never had much, ran with a bad bunch
little skinny kid sneakin weed in my bag lunch
and all through junior high, we was just gettin by
and drivebys robbed my homies of their young lives
i never did cry, and even though i had
pain in my heart, i was hopeless from the start
they couldn't tell me nothin, they all tried to help to
the marijuana had my mind gone it wasn't healthy
i travelled places, caught cases, what a ill year
i felt the pain and the rain but i'm still here
never did like the police, let the whole world know
now i gets no peace, cause they chasin me down
and facin me now, what do i do?
these thangs that a thug goes through
and still i rise so keep ya head up, and make ya mind strong
it's a struggle every day but you gotta hold on
chorus:
they say that things just cannot grow
beneath the winter snow,
or so i have been told.
they say were buried far,
just like a distant star
i simply cannot hold
eminem:
we're all we got in this world
when it spins, when it swirls
when it whirls, when it twirls
two little beautiful girls
lookin' puzzled, in a daze
i know it's confusing you
daddy's always on the move, mamma's always on the news
i try to keep you sheltered from it but somehow it seems
the harder that i try to do that, the more it backfires on me
all the things growing up his daddy that he had to see
daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did
we did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
but things have gotten so bad between us
i don't see us ever being together ever again
like we used to be when we was teenagers
but then of course everything always happens for a reason
i guess it was never meant to be
but it's just something we have no control over and that's what destiny is
but no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
maybe one day we'll wake up and this will all just be a dream
chorus:
they say that things just cannot grow
beneath the winter snow,
or so i have been told.
they say were buried far,
just like a distant star
i simply cannot hold
2pac:
dear momma don't cry, your baby boy's doin good
tell the homies i'm in heaven and they ain't got hoods
seen a show with marvin g**e last night, it had me shook
drippin peppermint schnapps, with jackie wilson, and sam cooke
then some lady named billie holiday
sang sittin there kickin it with malcolm, 'til the day came
little latasha sho' grown
tell the lady in the liquorstore that she's forgiven, so come home
maybe in time you'll understand only god can save us
when miles davis cuttin lose with the band
just think of all the people that you knew in the past
that passed on, they in heaven, found peace at last
picture a place that they exist, together
there has to be a place better than this, in heaven
so right before i sleep, dear god, what i'm askin
remember this face, save me a place, in thug's mansion
chorus:
they say that things just cannot grow
beneath the winter snow,
or so i have been told.
they say were buried far,
just like a distant star
i simply cannot hold"
"   intro    
ay yo 50
what i tell you
we aint even have to say shit
they did it
monkey see monkey do
dont ever make the first move
just let em' come to you
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do
so let em' come to you
the rest of us follow suit
monkey see monkey do
tweedle de tweedle dum
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up
check mate motherf***er
games over
we won
tweedle de tweedle dum
it doesnt take much
for me to raise such a stink up
when motherf***ers hate your guts
you aint even gotta say much
for me to put a pen to a blank sheet of papers
like smearing blood stains with a paint brush
i cant explain what it is my brain does
but however it works its insane
its plain nutz
and it aint just my brain thas dangerous
its a whole combination of things
it takes nutz
and im not affriad to raise the stakes up
i got a million bucks in the banks and 8 trucks
for anybody who gets on the track and spanks us
im patiently waiting for the day
im anxious
to see the look on ya fake mugs
when you thugs go bankrupt
ya drunk
ya aint tough
whatever you drank musta just turned ya into some gangstas
this is me talking motherf***er
this aint drugs
you wanna pop, shit wake up, then make up
f*** that
its too late chump now face up
i pray for the day that someone who spits with the calliber that nas and jay does
opens up his jaw to say something or rattle my name off
or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off
so i can blow the f***in dust off of this chainsaw
and give him the surgery that he came for
till i pull the paint off
i never been shot
but i think me and 50 musta been cut from the same cloth
cause ive always came off
like ja's chain
when they try to rush him and lost
and came back and gave him a watch in exchange for it
i dont stop
the only thing i wait for
is day that i dont gotta report to probate court
cause ima give ya all the reason to hate more
cause ive been holding my tounge till i got a sprained jaw
alot of rappers on my list that just aint ja
and ima read that motherf***er off from april
you pussies think i went soft since 8 mile
when i come back ill be shootin more than just paint balls
trust me
monkey see monkey do
dont ever make the first move
just let em' come to you
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do
so let em' come to you
the rest of us follow suit
monkey see monkey do
tweedle de tweedle dum
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up
check mate motherf***er
games over
we won
tweedle de tweedle dum
f***in dummies
this aint chess
ya playin motherf***in checkers
this shit is all day man its too easy
we playin chess you playin checkers
you bout to get ya motherf***in asses jumped
f***ing punks
and by the way
we aint just talking to one person
we talking to every motherf***ing body who wants to bring it cause we bringin it to anybody who wants to bring it
so bring it
dot pick up the ball if you dot wanna pay man
its all f***ed up now
the f*** im spose to do now?
huh?
the f*** im spose to do?
haha
yo, we out"
"""i pledge allegiance to the flag
of the united states of america
and to the republic for which it stands
one nation under god
indivisible...""
it feels so good to be back...
mosh with me now...
you scrutinize every word
memorize every line
i spit it once, refuel
re energize and rewind
i give sight to the blind
my insight through the mind
i exercise my right
to express when i feel it's time
it's just all in your mind
what you interpret it as
i say to fight, you take it
as i'mma whip someone's ass
if you don't understand
don't even bother to ask
a father who has
grown up with a fatherless past
who has blown up now
to rap phenomenon that has
or at least shows no difficulty multi task
and in juggling both
perhaps mastered his craft
slash entrepreneur
who has held onto few more rap acts
who's had a few obstacles
thrown his way through the last half
of his career typical
manure moving past that
mr. kisses ass crack
he's a class act
rubber band man
yea, he just snaps back
come along, follow me
as i lead through the darkness
as i provide just enough spark
that we need to proceed
carry on, give me hope
give me strength
come with me
and i won't steer you wrong
put your faith and your trust
as i guide us through the fog
to the light at the end of the tunnel
we gon' fight, we gon' charge
we gon' stomp, we gon' march
through the swamp
we gon' mosh through the marsh
take us right through the doors
c'mon
all the people up top
on the side and the middle
come together, let's all bomb
and swamp just a little
just let it gradually build
from the front to the back
all you can see is a sea of people
some white and some black
don't matter what color
all that matters: we gathered together
to celebrate for the same cause
don't matter the weather
if it rains, let it rain
yea, the wetter, the better
they ain't gonna stop us, they can't
we stronger now more than ever
they tell us ""no"" we say ""yea""
they tell us ""stop"" we say ""go""
rebel with a rebel yell
raise hell we gonna let'em know
stomp, push, shove, mush
f*** bush!
until they bring our troops home
c'mon
just come along, follow me
as i lead through the darkness
as i provide just enough spark
that we need to proceed
carry on, give me hope
give me strength
come with me
and i won't steer you wrong
put your faith and your trust
as i guide us through the fog
to the light at the end of the tunnel
we gonna fight, we gonna charge
we gonna stomp, we gonna march
through the swamp
we gonna mosh through the marsh
take us right through the doors
c'mon
imagine it pouring
it's raining down on us
mosh pits outside the oval office
someone's tryina tell us something
maybe this is god
just sayin' we're responsible
for this monster, this coward
that we have empowered
this is bin laden
look at his head noddin'
how could we allow something like this
without pumping our fists?
now this is our final hour
let me be the voice
in your strength and your choice
let me simplify the rhyme
just to amplify the noise
try to amplify the times it
and multiply by six...
teen million people
are equal at this high pitch
maybe we can reach
al qaeda through my speech
let the president answer
a higher anarchy
strap him with an ak 47
let him go fight his own war
let him impress daddy that way
no more blood for oil
we got our own battles
to fight on our own soil
no more psychological warfare
to trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal
if we don't serve our own country
we're patronizing a hero
look in his eyes, it's all lies
the stars and stripes
they've been swiped
washed out and wiped
and replaced with his own face
mosh now or die
if i get sniped tonight
you know why,
'cause i told you to fight
come along, follow me
as i lead through the darkness
as i provide just enough spark
that we need to proceed
carry on, give me hope
give me strength
come with me
and i won't steer you wrong
put your faith and your trust
as i guide us through the fog
to the light at the end of the tunnel
we gonna fight, we gonna charge
we gonna stomp, we gonna march
through the swamp
we gonna mosh through the marsh
take us right through the doors
c'mon
and as we proceed
to mosh through this desert storm
in these closing statements
if they should argue
let us beg to differ
as we set aside our differences
and assemble our own army
to disarm this weapon of mass destruction
that we call our president
for the present
and mosh for the future of our next generation
to speak and be heard
mr. president, mr. senator
do you guy's hear us?
hear us?"
"mr. mathers?
mr. mathers!
mr. mathers...
mr. mathers can you hear my voice?
ok he's not responding
i'm gonna need an 18 gauge left ac right away
uh, bp is 90 over 12, respiration's at 8
ok i'm tubing him
dmc this is medic 41
medic 41, this is dmc base, go ahead
he's cold, spike him back and grab the back board
ok, got it, on 3... 1, 2, 3
huh let's move..."
" 
detroit, motown
hey, guess what
they gave us a soup bowl this year an you know what happened
 
robbin, shootin', killin', murder robbin, shootin', killin', murder 
 
hennyed up, remmyed up, ski mask, black truck
d***ie outfit, passenger side , f*** it i just did 2 lines
a chrome tech nine, it'll tear out n****s spine
it's a party, go on in an have fun, cause after it's over all you goin' hear is shootin', blassin', hittin' the floor, $10,000 in the safe, shit i�m about to score
cause i�m dangerous off angel dust, shyt i'll bust, even the n**** that came wit us
an this is for my n****s that be robbin' an stealin', carjackin, murder one's an f***en drug dealin's
robbin, shootin', killin', murder robbin, shootin', killin', murder 
 
i stumble in the club blowed, 9mm cocked, somethins' tellin' me to stop, f*** it, i aint see the cops
n****'s don't believe it 'till they see it's out, stupid motherf***ers wanna take a scenic route
now the heaters out, b****es scream like i pulled my penis out
beggin' me to put that big motherf***er away, but the demons out
everybody on the floor, come out of that mink, come out of them diamonds an you come out of that valuer
party is over, shut the f*** down, cut the music, matter of fact turn it back it up, shit i can use it
i need the noise, in case i have to let a couple off, saw another icy chain, walked over an tugged it off
gimme that buttersoft, they say she buyin' out the bar, you can buy my drinks for today an tomorrow
i'm out for the paper, my homie better hide them jewels, i�m in the game starvin' an i playin' by the rules
robbin, shootin', killin', murder robbin, shootin', killin', murder "
"chorus
all i see is murder murder, my mind state   makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate   all i see is murder murder, my mind state
murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!
left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand
went up in eastland and shot a policeman
f*** a peace plan of citizen bystands
but shit is in my hands, here's your life span
for what your life's worth this money is twice than
grab a couple grand and lay up in iceland
see i'm a nice man but money turned me to satan
i'm thirsty for this green so bad i'm dehydratin'
hurry up with the cash b****, i got a ride waitin'
shot a man twice in the back when he tried escapin'
i want the whole plot, i won't be denied nathan
maybe i need my head inside straightened
brain contemplatin', clean out the register
dip before somebody catches ya
or gets ya description an' sketches ya
the connection was the prime suspect
but i ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
cuz i got a daughter to feed
and $200 ain't enough to water the seed
the best thing would be for me to leave taco bell an' hit up chess king
and have the lady at the desk bring
money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the mac
cooperate and we can operate and save an attack
this b**** tried escapin' the jack
grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote
you barely heard a word as she choked
it wasn't nuttin' for her to be smoked
but i slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke
just then the pigs bust in yellin' ""freeze!""
but i'm already wanted for sellin' keys
and bunch of other felonies from a to z like spellin' bees
so before i dropped to the ground and fell on knees
i bust shots, they bust back
hit the square in the chest, he wasn't wearin' a vest
chorus 2x
left the house, pullin' out the drive backin' out
need a backin' out this lady's jag started blackin' out
pulled the mac 10 out, stuck it in her face
shut ya yackin' mouth before i blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
drug her by her hair, smacked her up
thinkin' f*** it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up
stole her car, made a profit
grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
like the girl on set it off did
jetted off kid, stole the whip, now i'm a criminal
drove in thru somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool
climbed out and collapsed on the patio
i made it out alive but i'm injured badly though
parents screamin': ""son, go in and call the police
tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!""
tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
actin' like they never seen nobody hit a nick before
smashed the window, grabbed the nintendo 64
when they sell out in stores the price triples
i ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles
and colliding with an 80 year old lady with groceries
there goes the cheese, eggs, milk and post toasties
stood up and started to see stars
too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
barely escaped, must a been some dumb luck
jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck
but i think somebody seen me maybe
plus i lost the damn nintendo and i must a dropped the beanie baby
f*** it i give up, i'm surrounded in blue suits
came out with a white flag hollerin' ""truce truce!""
surrendered my weapon to cops
wasn't me! it was the gangsta rap and the peppermint schnopps
chorus 2x"
"* the original appears on eminem's ""slim shady ep"" on web entertainment
chorus: eminem 
it's murder she wrote it wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked 
left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand
went up in eastland and shot a policeman
f*** a peace plan, if a citizen bystands
the shit is in my hands, here's yo' lifespan
and for what yo' life's worth, this money is twice than
grab a couple grand and lamp in iceland
see i'm a nice man but money turned me to satan
i'm thirsty for this green so bad i'm dehydratin
hurry up with the cash b****, i got a ride waitin
shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin
i want the whole pie, i won't be denied nathan
maybe i need my head inside straightened
brain contemplatin, clean out the register
dip before somebody catches ya
or gets your description and sketches ya
the connection was the prime suspect
but i ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
cause i got a daughter to feed
and $200 ain't enough to water the seed
the best thing would be for me to leave taco bell and hit up chess king
and have the lady at the desk bring
money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin the mac
cooperate, and we can operate, and save an attack
this b**** tried escapin the jack
grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote
you barely heard a word as she choked
it wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked
but i slammed her on her back til her vertebrae broke
just then the pigs bust in yellin ""freeze""
but i'm already wanted for sellin ki's
and bunch of other felonies from a to z like spellin bees
so before i dropped to the ground and fell on knees
i bust shots, they bust back
hit be square in the chest, wasn't wearin a vest
left the house, pullin out the drive backin out
blew the back end out this lady's jag, started blackin out
pulled the mac 10 out, stuck it in her face
shut your yackin mouth, 'fore i blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
drug her by her hair, smacked her up
thinkin f*** it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up
stole her car, made a profit
grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
like the girl in ""set it off"" did
jetted off kid, stole the whip, now i'm a criminal
drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin pool
climbed out and collapsed on the patio
i made it out alive but i'm injured badly though
parents screamin: ""son, go in and call the police
tell em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!""
tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
actin like they never seen nobody hit a ;ick before
smashed the window, grabbed the nintendo 64
when they sell out in stores the price triples
i ran up the block jumpin kids on tricycles
and collided with an 80 year old lady with groceries
there goes cheese, eggs, milk and post toasties
stood up and started to see stars
too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
barely escaped, must a been some dumb luck
jumped up and climbed the back of a movin dump truck
but i think somebody seen me maybe
plus i lost the damn nintendo and i musta dropped the beanie baby
f*** it i give up, i'm surrounded in blue suits
came out with a white flag hollerin ""truce truce""
and surrendered my weapon to cops
wasn't me! it was the gangster rap and the peppermint schnapps
chorus"
"yo, yeah girl,
can you hear that? it's playing our song..
are you sleepy? take a nap..
you're not afraid of the dark? are you.?
you hear the beat as it makes ya not wanna go to
sleep
i knock on dakota's door, its locked so i go to creep
round the back, with binoculars, not cause i wanna
peep
but because i'm hungry she smells like tacos
i wanna eat
visions of hot chocolatey marshmallows
all so sweet
with sugar plums, oh look here comes marshall he's on your street
he's placing hot smoldering charcoals
beneath your feet
now walk on 'em, he's dancing with carcasses cheek to cheek
like a thanksgiving turkey, or holiday ham
cinnamon sprinkled on toast, strawberry marmalade jam
flavor my favorite graham crackers with john bennet
rams
i guess a modern day jack the ripper is all that i am
cos when the lights are off, i see the girls asleep
but i can hear you my love, you keep calling me (my
music box)
and when we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me
if you call, i'll come, i will answer cos when the lights are off, i see the girls asleep
i hear my music box, playing a song for me (my music
box)
so when she twirls around do a whirl for me (my music
box)
won't you be my private little dancer 
i almost look comatose, who wants to be sober gross
i foam like a doberman, mouth open i overdose
put coke up my nostrils, in both my holes and i plug
my nose
my pupils quadruple in size, eyes are so bugged i
know
i put on my mother's make up, get naked and run
around
wavin' the gun around, i think i'm down to a hundred
pounds
there's thunder, i wonder how come it rains but the
sun is out
the devils upset with his wife, they must be sluggin'
it out
i must be buggin' the f*** out, but what the f***
about'
voices are leading me up to the attic, i love my
house
they pull and they tug my blouse, the sound of a music
box
comes from inside a toy chest, but what do i do, it's locked
i pick it and open it but it's stuffed full of human parts
i dig till i find it, i wind it up and the tune just starts
its playing a song, so beautiful and the room is dark
the moon is full, i smell a funeral, guess
i'll loom in the park
i'm fixated on asphyxiating and breakin? this little
chick's
neck like a pixie stick
the sick satan worshippin', b****es get
horse whippins,
i'm in the back, through the back door, slip in
through the crack leavin' the corpse drippin'
the mortician of love, sent from above,
forced and treat em all  stingy i've become
been doin' this for more than a quarter century, i'm
just numb
am i dreamin', is it real? someone pinch me on the
buns
the time has come to tie her up, gotta roll me the
ladder
i'd had enough of the chatter, climb up to the window,
look at her
then climb in and slowly shatter her brain matter and
batter her
with the bat, a matter of fact that will splatter her
but before i do that, i'll have a chat to flatter her
give her two compliments, back to back, like tabatha
i'm your secret admirer, i'm back to ravish ya
so strong is your fight, but your no match for
dracula
prolonging her plight, as i go back to stabbin' her
dismember her limbs, simple as that, cadaver her
zoom in with the lens, then pan back, the camera
stand back, cuz here comes your man jack, so pamela
by: narcotic"
"yeah... oh, oh! yeah yeah...oh.. i feel like dancing, i feel like dancing
i smell something in the air that's making me high!
i smell something in the air that's making me high!
ok here we go, do re mi fa so fa so la ti so
lyrical rascal, kick back the tobasco
you motherf***er's must just not know the tic tac so
time to show you the most kickass flow in the cosmos
picasso with a pickaxe, a sick asshole
tic tac toe comes with sixpack, with exact doe
knives, strangling wives with d*** lasso
3 bags of the grass, zig zags, i'm with the doc so
you know how that go, skull and the crossbones
this is poison to poison girls who do not know
you do not wanna try this at home my lovato
this is neither the time nor the place to get macho
so crack a six pack, sit back with some nachos
maybe some popcorn, watch the show and just rock slow
it's not what you expected, not what you thought so
bout time you wake the f*** up, smell the pot smoke
it must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
that's creepin' upon me, why i'm so high
maybe it's the henny, that has gotten in me
whatever's got into me i don't mind
i said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana
that's creepin' upon me, why i'm so high
maybe it's the henny, that has gotten in me
whatever's got into me i don't mind
your dreams are getting fulfilled, ooh i'm literally getting a chill
spitting at will, me and dre have just finished splitting a pill
you're submitting to skill, sitting still
i'm admitting i'm beginning to feel like i don't think anyone's real
faced with a dilemma, i can be dalai lama
and be calmer, ?? a step beyong a jeffrey dahma
please don't upset me mama, you're looking sexy mama
don't know if it's the lala, or the rum and pepsi mama
don't wanna end up inside my refrigerator freezer
be used as extra topping, then next time i make a pizza
how many people you know that can name every serial killer
who ever existed in a row, put them in chronological order
beginning with jack the ripper
name the time and place from the body, the bag, the zipper
location of the woods where the body was dragged and then dumped
the trunk that they was stuffed in, the model, the make, the plate
and which model, which state they found her and how they attacked the victim
say what murder weapon was used to do what on which one
which knife and which gun, what kid, what wife and which nun
don't stop, i like this it's fun, the f***in' night's just begun
it must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
that's creepin' upon me, why i'm so high
maybe it's the henny, that has gotten in me
whatever's got into me i don't mind
i said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana
that's creepin' upon me, why i'm so high
maybe it's the henny, that has gotten in me
whatever's got into me i don't mind
when i'm behind the mic, dynamite's what it's kinda like
you're stuck with the same stick that you're tryna light
behind the boards, it's dre, legends are made this way
isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be?
maybe you need some lyric syrup serum for your symptoms
here's a dosage of the antidote, now you give him some
he can give her some, she can give them some
get behind a lint drum, make up a beat and kill the sucker syndrome
the spinning drum when it comes to lyrics and pennin' some
starting from scratch and then ending up at the ending of
capable of winning her, bullets are, so unbelievable its a
titanium cranium that's full of suprises
when the smoke rises, right before your very own eyes
you stare into your stereos good evening, this isn't even a weed thing
i ain't even smoke anything, i ain't even drinking
it must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
that's creepin' upon me, why i'm so high
maybe it's the henny, that has gotten in me
whatever's got into me i don't mind
i said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana
that's creepin' upon me, why i'm so high
maybe it's the henny, that has gotten in me
whatever's got into me i don't mind"
"ohhhhhh!
yeah!
so much for first single on this one
shady's the label, aftermath is the stable
that the horses come out erra
of course we're about to stir up
some shit ??? mix water with syrrrup
it's the mr. picked on christopher reeves
just for no reason other than the just to tease him
'cause he was as big as ???
he used to be superman
now we're pourin' liquor on the crib in his name for him
eminem you wait till we meet up again
f***er i'm kickin' your ass for everything you've ever said
it's one for the money two for the f***in' show
ready get set, let's go
here comes the ?? stompin' and stampedin' up the damn street
like them buffalo soldiers, i told ya i'm bout' to blow
so look out below, geronimo, motherf***ers is dominos
i'm on a roll, around and around i go
when will i stop? i don't know
tryna pick up where the ""eminem show"" left off
but i know anything's possible
though i'm not gonna top what i sold
i'm at the top of my game
that shit is not gonna change
long as i got dr. dre on my team
i'll get away with murder
i'm michael j., he's like my cock from the day
we keep the mark from the tapes in a safe, locked them away
better watch what you say
just when you thought you were safe
them f***ers got you on tape
you swear to god you was playin'
whether or not you was little joshua
gosh i wish i coulda told you to not do the same
'cause one day it could cost you your name
chorus
and this was supposed to be my first single
but i just f***ed that up so
f*** it let's all have fun let's mingle
slap a b**** and smack a ho
this was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
that you hear on your radio
but shit's about to hit the shingle
oh oh oh oh oh oh no
erra oh ah, erra oh ah, erra oh ah
erra oh oh ah ah ah
oh ah erra, oh ah erra, oh ah erra
poo poo ca ca
erra erra eric swallowed some generic sleeping pills
and woke up in bed next to his best friend derrick bare naked
chicka chicka chicka chicka chicka
and then just turned sixteen and used a fake id
to sneak in v.i.p. to see r. kelly to be so young and naive
oh what i wouldn't give to live so kim and care free
paris and nikki's parents must be so tickled to cherish
every picture with their kids with hickeys all over their necks
hickory d***ory derr digga
look at me work wizardry with these words
am i a jerk or just jerk chicken
or chicka chicka chicka chicka jer jer jerkin the chain
twenty two jerks and a jerk circle
or is it a circle jerk or wait a minute
what am i sayin', allow me to run it back and rewind it rrrrrrara
let me ask you again
am i just jerkin' the chain
am i bizerk or insane
or am i just one of them damn amateurs
workin' the damn camera filmin' one of them
paris hilton home made porno's
who keeps tiltin' the lens at an angle
chicka chicka
just recently somebody just discovered
britney and justin videotapes of 'em f***in'
when they were just musketeers in the mickey mouse club
and dusted them and went straight to the source with them
'cause they coulda sworn someone said nuh...
and then tried to erase and record over it
but, if you listen close enough to it you can hear the
uh ah, and then the come ta, find out it was jus tin
sayin 'i'm done uh!'
come on this was su pposed...
to be my first single
but i just f***ed that up so
f*** it let's all have fun let's mingle
slap a b**** and smack a ho
this was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
that you hear on your radio
but shit's about to hit the shingle
oh oh oh oh oh oh no
erra oh ah, erra oh ah, erra oh ah
erra oh oh ah ah ah
oh ah erra, oh ah erra, oh ah erra
poo poo ca ca
any opinions or somethin' you just wanna get off your chest
and address it about my lyrics i'd love to hear it
all you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number
it's 1 800 i'm a d*** sucker i love to suck a d***
and if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me
just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key
and i'll be sure to get back
as soon as there comes a day that i fall out with dre
wake up g**, make up with ray so f*** a chicken, lick a chicken, suck a chicken
beat a chicken, eat a chicken like it's a big cock, bawka bi kaw
or suck a d***, and lick a d*** and eat a d*** and stick a d*** in your mouth
i'm done you can f*** off, f***a f*** off!
chorus
by marcella"
"i don't know dude
i think everybody's all jealous and shit
'cause i'm like the lead singer of a band dude
and i think everybody's got a f***in' problem with me dude
and they need to take it up with me after the show
because...
chorus these chicks don't even know the name of my band
but they're all on me like they wanna hold hands
'cause once i blow they know that i'll be the man
all because i'm the lead singer of my band
so i get off stage right, drop the mic
walk up to these hot chicks and i'm all like
""what's up ladies, my name's slim shady
i'm the lead singer in d 12 baby""
they're all like ""oh my god it's him""
""becky oh my f***in' god it's eminem""
""i swear to f***in' god dude you f***in' rock""
""please won't you please let me suck your cock""
and by now the rest of the fellas get jealous
especially when i drop the beat and do my acapellas
all the chicks start yellin', all the hot babes
throw their bras and their shirts and the panties on stage
so like every single night they pick a fight with me
but when we fight it's kinda like siblin' rivalry
'cause they're back on stage the next night with me
""dude i just think you're tryna steal the light from me""
yesterday kuniva tried to pull a knife on me
'cause i told him jessica alba's my wife to be
this rock star shit, it's the life for me
and all the other guys just despise me because
chorus
my band 
you just wanna see a n**** backwards don't you?
hey dad how come we don't rap on proto
smash these vocals and do a performance
but we in the van and he in a tour bus
you don't want my autograph, you's a liar
and no i'm swift and what the hell is wrong with that dressing room
'cause my shit is lookin' smaller than a decimal
see i know how to rap, it's simple but
all i did was read a russell simmons book
so i'm more intact, tryna get on the map
doin' jumpin' jacks while get whipped on my back
 look him little punk ass thinkin' he the shit
 yeah i know man find himself takin' on a flick
 hey i thought we had an interview with dj clue
 no! i had an interview, not you two
 you gonna be late for soundcheck
 man i ain't goin' to soundcheck
 but our mics are screwed up
 and his always sound best
you know what man i'ma say somethin'
 aiyo em  man no
 i thought you 'bout to tell him off, man what's up
 man i'ma tell him when i feel like it, man shut up
and you ain't even back me up when we s'posed to be crew
 man i was 'bout to talk right after you i swear, i swear man
chorus
they say the lead singer's rock, but the group is not
once we sold out arenas to the amusement parks
i'ma go let the world know that proof is hot
i should cut his mic off when the music starts
ready to snap on a dumbass fan
every time i hear... we ain't a band b**** we don't play instruments
so why he get 90 and we only get 10 percent
and these guys they can find every area code b**** carry your own
can't make it to the stage, security in my way
god damn it i'm sick of this group
time for me to go solo and make some loop
i told you i made the beats and wrote all the raps
till kon artis, slipped me some crack
lose yourself video, i was in the back
superman video, i was in the back
f*** the media, i got some suggestions
f*** marshall, ask us a question
like who's d 12, how we get started b****, are you r*****ed?
anyway i'm the popularest guy in the group
big ass stomach, b****es think i'm cute then he told me to do sit ups to get buff
i did two and a half and then i couldn't get up
f*** d 12, i'm outta this band
i'm gonna start a group with the real roxanne
girl why can't you see you're the only one for me
and it just tares my ass apart to know that you don't know my name
these chicks don't even know the name of my band but they're all on me like they wanna hold hands 'cause once i blow i know that i'll be the man all because i'm the lead singer...
 my band 
 the hottest boy band in the world
d12!
 i'm the lead singer of my band
i get all the girl's to take off their underpants
and the lead singer of my band, my salsa
makes all the pretty girl's want to dance
my salsa, look out for my next single, it's called ""my salsa""
my salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa
my salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance
and take off their underpants
my salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance
and take off their underpants, my salsa
where'd everybody go?"
"ya look
if i woulda rap about the crap that's out, that's the route
you probably want me to take cause you're just dying to know what i think
hear my take on some other rappers
if i was to say somethin about paul wall, you'd probably crap in your pants
cause i'm white and he's white, so he's like my competition i mean, right
nope, paul wall is dope, and so is bubba, so b b b b b b
but i don't compete with nobody
i just go hard, do the rope a dope ali shuffle
and dance around my opponents, do donuts
sometimes i play possum, like i'm asleep, it's awesome
i'm like a sleepin giant and when i awake i'm like dre
i just jump from outta nowhere and bite prey
and sink my teeth in em and fill em, full of poison
and make a noise like a snake before i kill em
and let em know that i just don't feel em
and smack 'em with the backwards e on the eminem emblem
i was taught if you gonna murder somebody you should face 'em
tell 'em why, look 'em dead in the eye, then waste 'em
and the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell
then swallow the shell, all the hollow who dwell
in the shadows of all who are willing to sell their souls
for this rap game
and it g g goes
one two three, chk chk one two three
chk chk one two three, that ain't the hook, now follow me
there's nothing else for me to say, my public adores me
everybody bores me, they're just so corny
so at night before i sleep, i look in the mirror
the mirror grows lips and it whispers ""come nearer""
my darling, i don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
you and me were meant to be together my darling
and if i cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
cause i possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
i don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
you and me were meant to be together my darling
and if i cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
cause i possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
""shady, i know you're in there somewhere, come here
talk to me, sit, here, pull up a chair
why don't you cut your hair? dye it back, come on, try it""
ahh, no! i told you leave me the f*** alone, will you?
""but i'm here to rebuild you"" but i already killed you!
""but shady, we were meant for each other, think about your mother""
yeah, so what of her?
""you think about what she did to you and your little brother, all them foster homes
"" f*** you mothaf***a!
i had you beat! ""no, i was playin possum, remember?
i let you watch your little girls blossom
i gave you enough time,
your soul's mine
i'm takin it back"" you f***in b****, why?!
""because i love you, look a little closer
isn't that us on that poster?""
my darling, i don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
you and me were meant to be together my darling
and if i cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
cause i possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
i don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
you and me were meant to be together my darling
and if i cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
cause i possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
""shady, listen *crowd screams shady*, you hear that?
they're screaming for you, i can bring your career back""
but i don't want it back
""yes you do""
no i don't
""yes you do, you're gonna regret it later""
no i won't
""i'ma get dre on the phone, i'll just call the doctor""
go ahead, i already talked to, dre yesterday
""well i got him on the phone right now""
you're lyin'...
""yo, slim!"" how, why now?!
what up dre?
""check this out slim, i gotta talk to ya
i don't know it just seems like ever since you got off your
drugs, you became a lot softer""
but dre, all shady is, is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka
""well, just think about it slim, i don't care
just hit me back and let me know what's up""
f*** this mirror! ""i'm not in the mirror, i'm inside you, let me guide you""
f*** you, die you son of a b****!
""put the gun down"" bye bye!
ok, i'm still alive ""so am i too,
you can't kill a spirit even if you tried to you sold your soul to me, need i remind you
you remember that night you
prayed to god, you'd give anything to get a record deal when dre signed you
this is what you wanted your whole life, marshall, right through
look at this house, look at these cars, they're so nice, woo!
oh, but you didn't know fame has a price too
that you're just now seeing that downside to
lose your best friend from high school, your wife too
ain't even sure if your kids like you
come off tour, can't even sleep at night without nyquil
become a valium addict, start a rehab cycle
but together we can break the cycle
marshall, ""whatt!!""
no one's gonna love you like i do
my darling, i don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
you and me were meant to be together my darling
and if i cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
cause i possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
i don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
you and me were meant to be together my darling
and if i cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
cause i possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body"
"i never meant to feed you mushrooms girl
i never meant to bring you to my world
and now you sitting in the corner crying
and now it's my fault my fault, liar.
i went to john's rave with ron and dave
and met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
a nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date
susan    an ex heroin addict who just stopped usin
who love booze and alternative music told me she was goin back into usin again i said, ""wait, first try this hallucinogen
it's better than heroin, henn, the booze or the gin
c'mere, let's go in here"" *knocks on the door*
""who's in the den?""
 ""it's me and kelly!""
""my bad,  let's try another room""
 i don't trust you!
""shut up slut! chew up this mushroom
this'll help you get in touch with your roots
we'll get barefoot, buttnaked, and run in the woods
 oh hell, i might as well try em, this party is so drab
""oh dag!!""
 what?
""i ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag!""
 huh?!
chorus: 1st repeat em says ""i'm sorry!"" at the end
2nd repeat same as original chorus
""yo sue!""
 get away from me, i don't know you
oh shoot, she's tripping..
 i need to go puke!! i wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major
i just wanted to make you appreciate nature
susan, stop cryin, i don't hate ya
the world's not against you, i'm sorry your father raped you
so what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth?
that ain't no reason to start wiggin and spaz out
she said,
 help me i think i'm havin a seisure!
i said, ""i'm high too b****, quit grabbin my t shirt"" ""would you calm down you're startin to scare me""
she said,
 i'm twenty six years old and i'm not married
i don't even have any kids and i can't cook
 i'm over here sue,  you're talkin to the plant, look!
we need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
cause i never seen no one eat as many shrooms as you ate
chorus: 1st repeat em says ""whoops!"" after first line
and ""it was an accident!"" at the end
2nd repeat same as original chorus
susan  where you goin? you better be careful
 leave me alone dad, i'm sick of gettin my hair pulled
i'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue
want some gum? put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb
i'll be right back just chill baby please?
i gotta go find dave he's the one who gave me these
""john, where's dave at before i bash you?""
 he's in the bathroom; i think he's takin a crap dude!
""dave! pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
there's a girl upstairs talkin to plants
choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left
of spring break, how long do these things take to wear off?""
 well it depends on how may you had
""i took three, she ate the other twenty two caps
now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs, drinkin lysol""
 she's gonna die dude
""i know and it's my fault!""
 my god!!!
chorus: 1st repeat em says ""i'm sorry!"" after second line
and ""what do i do?"" at the end
2nd repeat same as original chorus
my god, i'm so sorry!
i'm so sorry! susan please wake up!
please! please wake up!! what are you doing?!
you're not dead!! you're not dead!
i know you're not dead! oh my god!
susan wake up! oh god..."
"i never meant to give you mushrooms girl
i never meant to bring you to my world
now you sitting in the corner crying
and now it's my fault my fault
i went to john's rave with ron and dave
and met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
a nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date
susan    an ex manic depressive who just moved from houston
who love booze and alternative music told me she was starvin, i said it wasn't a problem i got a coupon for this pizza with everything on it
we can double the mushrooms and minus the sausage
 i'm allergic to fungus
come on sue, that's nonsense
who's at the door?? pizza man!
who ordered pizza? wasn't it yours? nuh uh
 if you got it with double mushrooms on it then i don't want it
shutup susan i'll pick em off it
oh hell, i might as well try it, i'll be alright
susan you just swallowed the wrong slice!!
chorus: 1st repeat em says ""i'm sorry!"" at the end
2nd repeat same as original chorus
""yo sue!""
 get away from me, i don't know you
oh shoot, she's tripping..
 i need to go puke!! i wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major
i just wanted to make you appreciate flavor
susan, stop cryin, i don't hate ya
i'm sorry your father used to chase you and spank you with hangers
so what they locked you in the attic in your dad's house?
that ain't no reason to start wiggin and spaz out
she said,
 help me i think i'm havin a seisure!
i said, ""you're breaking out in hives, let go of the pizza!""
""would you put it down you're startin to scare me""
she said,
 i'm twenty six years old and i'm not married
i don't even have any kids and i can't cook
 i'm over here sue,  you're talkin to the plant, look!
we need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
cause i never seen no one eat as many shrooms as you ate
chorus: 1st repeat em says ""whoops!"" after first line
and ""it was an accident!"" at the end
2nd repeat same as original chorus
susan  where you goin? you better be careful
 leave me alone dad, i'm sick of gettin my hair pulled
i'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue
want some gum? put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb
i'll be right back just chill baby please?
i gotta go find dave he majored in allergies
""john, where's dave at before i bash you?""
 he's in the bathroom; i think he's takin a crap dude!
""dave! pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
there's a girl upstairs talkin to plants
choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left
of spring break, how long do these things take to wear off?""
 well it depends on how many pieces she ate
just one, with double mushrooms by mistake
now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs, breaking out in hives""
 she's gonna die dude
""i know and it's my fault!""
 my god!!!
chorus: 1st repeat em says ""i'm sorry!"" after second line
and ""what do i do?"" at the end
2nd repeat same as original chorus
my god, i'm so sorry!
i'm so sorry! susan please wake up!
please! please wake up!! what are you doing?!
you're not dead!! you're not dead!
i know you're not dead!"
"my life, my life
makes me wanna run away
there's no place to go
no place to go
all the confusion
it's an illusion like a movie
got nowhere to go
nowhere to run and hide
no matter how hard i try
yeah, 03, i went from back filthy to filthy rich
man, the emotions change
so i can never trust a b****
i tried to help n****s get on,
they turned around and spit
right in my face, so game and buck, both can suck a d***
now when you hear 'em
it may sound like it's some other shit
cause i'm not writing anymore, they not making hits
i'm far from perfect, there's so many lessons i done learned
if money is evil look at all the evil i done earned
i'm doing what i'm supposed to,
i'm a writer, i'm a fighter
entrepeneur, fresh out the sewer, watch me manoeuver
what's it to ya?
the track i lace it, it's better than basic
this is my recovery, my comeback, kid
my life, my life
makes me wanna run away
there's no place to go
no place to go
all the confusion
it's an illusion like a movie
got nowhere to go
nowhere to run and hide
no matter how hard i try
while you were sipping your own kool aid
getting your buzz heavy
i was in the f***ing sheds sharpening my machete
sipping some of of that revenge juice,
getting my taste buds ready
to whoop down this spaghetti,
or should i say this spaghett even?
i think you f***ing meatballs keep on just forgetting
thought he was finished, motherf***er,
it's only the beginning
he's buggin' again, he's straight thuggin',
f*** who he's offending
he'll rip your vocal chords out
and have them b****es plugged in me
motherf***ing wall with 3000 volts of electricity
now take the other end, dump them
then pluck them motherf***ers
in each one of your eyesockets cause i thought
you might finally f***ing see
that'll teach you to go voicing
your cocksuckin' opinion to me
i done put my blood, my sweat and my tears in this shit
f*** letting up,
you're gonna end up regretting you ever betted against me
feels like i'mma snap any minute, yeah,
it's happening again
i'm thinking about the same
mother f*** everybody that's up in this b****, but 50!
cause this is all i know, this is why so hard i go
i swear to god i put my heart and soul into this
more than anybody knows
i'm trapped, so all i do is rap,
but everytime i rap i'm more trapped
and i rap myself right into this bubble, oh oh,
i guess it's bubble wrap
this is like a vicious cycle, my life's in a crisis
christ, how was i supposed to know
shit would turn up like it did?
feels like i'm going psycho again
and i might just blow my lid
shit,
i almost wish that i would have never made recovery, kid
cause i'm running in circles with
my life, my life
makes me wanna run away
there's no place to go
no place to go
all the confusion
it's an illusion like a movie
got nowhere to go
nowhere to run and hide
no matter how hard i try
i haven't been this f***ing confused since i was a kid
sold like 40 million records,
people forgot what i did
maybe this is for me, maybe
maybe i'm supposed to go crazy
maybe i'll do it 3 am in the morning like shady
psycho killer, michael myers,
i'm on fire like a lighter
tryna say the same classic,
get your ass kicked
man crook, wrap your head up in plastic
p****, now pick the casket, dirt nap with the maggots
it's tragic, it's sad it's
never gonna end, now we number one again
with that frown on your face, and your heart full of hate
accept it, respect it
this a gift god gave me like the air in the lungs
and every f***ing thing with it
my life, my life
makes me wanna run away
there's no place to go
no place to go
all the confusion
it's an illusion like a movie
got nowhere to go
nowhere to run and hide
no matter how hard i try"
"chorus: repeat 2x
hi! my name is..  my name is.. my name is..  slim shady
hi! my name is..  my name is.. my name is..  slim shady
ahem.. excuse me!
can i have the attention of the class
for one second?
hi kids! do you like violence? wanna see me stick nine inch nails through each one of my eyelids? wanna copy me and do exactly like i did? try 'cid and get f***ed up worse that my life is? my brain's dead weight, i'm tryin to get my head straight
but i can't figure out which spice girl i want to impregnate and dr. dre said, ""slim shady you a basehead!""
uh uhhh! ""so why's your face red? man you wasted!""
well since age twelve, i've felt like i'm someone else
cause i hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
got pissed off and ripped pamela lee's tits off
and smacked her so hard i knocked her clothes backwards like kris kross
i smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
faster than a fat b**** who sat down too fast
c'mere slut! i don't give a f***, god sent me to piss the world off!
chorus
my english teacher wanted to flunk in junior high
thanks alot next semester i'll be 35
i smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
and stapled his nuts to a stack of paper walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
flashed the bartender, then stuck my d*** in the tip cup extraterrestrial, killin pedestrians
rapin lesbians while they screamin: ""let's just be friends!""
ninety nine percent of my life i was lied to
i just found out my mom does more dope than i do
i told her i'd grow up to be a famous rapper
make a record about doin drugs and name it after her you know you blew up when the women rush your stands
and try to touch your hands like some screamin usher fans this guy at white castle asked for my autograph (dude, can i get your
autograph?)
so i signed it: 'dear dave, thanks for the support, asshole!'
chorus
stop the tape! this kid needs to be locked away! dr. dre, don't just stand there, operate!
i'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die
i'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
am i comin or goin? i can barely decide
i just drank a fifth of vodka    dare me to drive? all my life i was very deprived
i ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide
clothes ripped like the incredible hulk i spit when i talk, i'll f*** anything that walks when i was little i used to get so hungry i would throw fits
how you gonna breast feed me mom?  you ain't got no tits! i lay awake and strap myself in the bed
put a bulleproof vest on and shoot myself in the head i'm steamin mad and by the way when you see my dad? "
"aiyo this is me in my natural habitat
am i underground, or am i just a spoiled brat
i drink a litre of tylenol
petrol is what runs my role, no ethanol
f***it
giving it a 110% but luckily i ain’t gotta pay the rent
school goes on
switching your mind thoughts on
english german they’re all the same
gotta do homework everyday but hey
it’s ok cuz in your life it clears a way which you can take
without having to fake a diploma
and end up in a coma
cuz you couldn’t pay the dealer…nothing can get realer
cheaper, unless you become a keeper for some ice hockey team in the nhl
cuz that will tell you that everything will get well
that you won’t need to sell your wife to get away from the knife
i remember when i was younger and funner
but i was no good runner, i could scream like thunder, my neighbour was a hunter
hunting, blunting, that’s a fun thing
yeh really it is
aiyo this is me in my natural habitat
shoot your grandma cuz she looks like a cat
i drink a litre of tylenol
petrol is what runs my role, no ethanol
f***it
bling bling, i’m tired of everything
ding dong i sing a song for this chick wearing a thong
i wanna stay alive, i wanna survive and i wanna perform live
i need time
to heal cuz there’s no chance that i will kneel down like a clown and frown
it’s time to cheer, not shed a tear but i fear that death is coming near
i can hear it from the rear, i can see it clear
i got support from my friends
but everything tends to send me to court
i lock myself in my fort it’s the kinda sort that send me a package of blends
to my porch lighting a torch to see the world i envy
everything can be nothing to see this is me
aiyo this is me in my natural habitat
shoot your grandma cuz she looks like a cat
i drink a litre of tylenol
petrol is what runs my role, no ethanol
f***it
i will tell you about what runs my life
it’s the hate, and the rate of thoughts
living on tequila shots and cuttin myself wit knives
my brain dives into a nothingness
a bottomless hole
filled with pain and sorrow
no time to borrow a rhyme to make things aight
cuz it’s pointless
timeless
i’m tired of this
i wanna be famous
and entertainous
all i see is pain
and all i feel is rain
hitting my overheated brain
this is insane
how can one person make you feel like this
make you just wanna diss
and give another one a fake kiss
i approve with this wrist
and remove my foolish pulse
that beats for nothing
at least now you’ll have something
to think about
this will be the last time you hurt me, cuz i hurt myself
then i shout
fall to the ground
now things will turn around
will i maybe be happy now
i bow to thee
the mistress of depressed horror
i’m infested, not the least bit interested
in life
this is what will happen now
i will pull out this mag
and aim it toward my head
i will say that you’re a f**
then i’m dead
will anyone miss me
or is the world so full with greed
that people try to keep what i twirled
aiyo this is me in my natural habitat
am i underground, or am i just a spoiled brat
i drink a litre of tylenol
petrol is what runs my role, no ethanol
f***it
natural habitat continues until music fades"
"chorus:
my words are weapons my words are weapons my words are weapons (i use them to kill whoevers steppin' to me, my words
are like weaponry on a record)
my words are weapons these words are weapons my words are weapons (i use them to kill whoevers steppin' to me, my words
are like weaponry on a record)
eminem:
the rage i release on a page is like a demon unleashing a caged lunatic
'soon as i hit the stage
my mind is like a f***in' stick of dynamite, once is get behind the mic
it's like the wick is lit, you b****es die tonight
my 9 is like a guy that light at night, shinin' bright
my f***in grip is tighter than my wife's vagina these cocksucking cops got my smith & wesson
i guess its time to pick a different weapon, man this shits depressin'
but swift is gettin me a new one for a christmas present (c'mon slim, lets
go and teach this f***in b**** a lesson)
they managed to confiscate the pistol that i brandished
but my plan is to use this bullshit to my advantage
shady, stay creative baby
hold your head up, dont you let up
one bit on these motherf***in' suckas
you're a soldier, get up
stand up for what you belive in, long as you breathin'
they jealous of you man, thats the only reason they beefin'
swift:
its that dirty dozen renegade
you done pulled the pin out my grenade
thirty eights so move yo' shit up out the way
you n****s wont forget about mcfae
you got somethin to say? get it out today or watch these bullets break
from these ten black fingers huggin these deadly millimeters
that'll make jeff dommar look like he got a misdemeaner
see im dirty, so i aint gotta buy a pistol cleaner
and an official beater
don't let me see you wit your heater
you get hit wit it
tell the motherf***as swift did it
you packin somethin special in yo crib? then b**** get it
im physically fitted to run your digits
im hostile, wit this pistol pointed up your nostrils
you can split it, and guess what?
i'm blowin up the hospital
and wouldn't give a f*** if you a cop or a hoe
im hannibal lector, the spinal cord disconnecter
finding whores to lock em' up in hotels to inject her
bizarre:
im eatin girls like im hannibal
there's no way i can be the g** rapper i only f*** animals you stupid trick, got my d*** startin to itch
went to my mother's gravesite, called her a stupid b****
1 on 1 in this blood sport
im in divorce court
suing my b**** over a pack of newports
6 times i been arrested
how would you feel if you was a jehovah witness that always got molested?
im smokin dank, drinkin drink
i can't have any kids cause im f***in shootin blanks
don't you know bizarre don't give a f***?
nicole's a whore, im glad o.j. murdered the slut
responsibility? im neglegent
bill clinton's a f** and should be stabbed, let richard simmons be the
president
call me a wierdo, call me ""bazeer""
while i stick it up your ass while you shit dierreah"
"this motherf***er here, just wont shut up will you?
talk about i owe you, b**** you owe me
i'm promoting you right now
man lets put the nail in his coffin
i dont want to be like this
i dont really want to hurt no feelins
but im only bein real when i say nobody wants to hear their grandfather rap
old men have heart attacks
now i dont want to be responsible for that so
put the mic down and walk away
you can still have a little bit of dignity
i would never claim to be no great benzino
an 83 year old fake pachino
so how can he hold me over some balcony
without throwin his lower back out as soon as he goes to lift me
please dont, youl probably fall with me
and our asses will both be history
but then again youl finnally get your wish
cuz you be all over the street like 50 cent
f***in punk p**** f*** you chump
gimme a one on one see if i dont f*** you up
tryin to jump the ruff ryders and they cut you up
and you put jada on a track thats how much you suck
d*** in the industry, swear that you in the streets hustlin
you sit behind a f***in desk at the source butt kissin
and beggin motherf***ers for guest appearences
and you can even get the clearances cuz real lyricists
dont even respect you or take you serious
its not that we dont like you, we hate you   period
talk about a mid life crisis damn
last week you was shakin obie trice's hand
now hes a busta? what the f***s with that?
get on a track dissin us kissin 50's ass
and askin me what i know about inditements bite me
b**** i got two cases, and probation   fight me!
what do i know about standin in front of a judge like a man
ready to take whatever sentence he hands
what you know about your wife slicin her wrists
right in front of the only thing you have in this world   a little girl?
and i put that on her, when this is all over
i would never try to make her a star and eat off her
i dont know shit about no shoppin rocks
but what you know about hip hop shops rockin spots?
when your the only white boy in that b**** just rippin
pressin up your own flyers and your stickers stickin
them b****es up after spendin six hours at kinkos
just makin copys of your covers of casette singles
and sell them out the trunk of your tracer
spendin your whole paycheck at disc makers
what you know about bein bullied over half your life?
oh thats right, you know what thats like, your half white
vanilla ice,spill the beans and rice, im eaten you alive inside
jesus christ, if your that much of a gangster, put the mic down
you should be out killin motherf***ers right now
kill a motherf***er dead, kill'em dead b****
shoot'em in the f***in head, go ahead b****
slap my mom, slap the f*ck outa her!
she cant sue you, she wouldnt get a buck out of you
cuz your broke as f*** you suck your a f***in joke
if you was really sellin coke, well then what the f***
you stop for dummy? if you slew some crack
you'd make alot more money than you do from rap
you never had no security, you'll never be famous
you'l never now what its like to be rich, lifes a b**** aint it?
raymond, here, let me break this shit down in lamens
terms for you just to make sure that you can understand this
and canibus they usin too many complicated f***in words for you
here then let me slow it down for you
so you can understand if i say it slower:
let it go dawg it's over
haha
talkin bout i have motherf***ers callin your crib
b**** you aint even got a f***in crib
you aint even got a f***in phone, f***in bum
threatened to shut me down at your little f***in source magazine
if i come back then you would attack me, b**** you attacked me first
take it like a man and shut the f*** up
and f*** your little magazine too
i dont need your f***in magazine, i got xxl number anywayz
and yall cant stand it cuz there gettin bigger than yall
oh, and by the way, howed i look on the vmas?
when you was watchin me from whatever f***in tv you was watchin me from in
boston
the mean streets of boston, f***in sissy
like you got us scared in the motherf***er, suck our motherf***in d***s
oh, and for those thats dont know, dont get it twisted yo, the source has a white owner!!!"
"hey what up man?
what up god?
ya heard?
chillen, cold as hell
yes it is, hey busta didn't come here did he?
no, hey look, you got fifteen cent?
nah, i got just enough to get on the bus, i'm broke
we gotta go to the store alright man quick cause i'm short
yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store?
nah, look..
you should just, how much you got there?
i only got 75, i'm sure i got a dollar know what i mean..
just throw it in there they ain't gonna know
you know what look, i'm sick of taking this damn bus everywhere man
you gotta make some moves or something
i know look, i'm trying to get rich,
i got a baby on the way, i don't even got a car,
you know what i'm saying?
i still stay with my moms, 21 and still with my moms
look hey, we gotta make some hit records or something,
you know what i'm saying? cause i'm tired of being broke
verse 1:
cause all i do is yearn a life without a concern
and dream of having a turn to earn money to burn
mapping out my strategies to get rich huh
my desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched huh
cause man i live in the d, this shit ain't given for free
nothing's different to me, so what, it's easy to see
i'll be the prisoner to flee, all of this misery
i'm not wishing to be another fish in the sea
but just an mc, so listen to me, but if you disagree
you missing the key, you ain't even in the brisk of the tea
unconditionally my aspects to cash checks
my objects were never to swab decks
it's up to you the decision is yours
if what you vision is tours, or a mission less course
when shit is in the stores, cause you can be a star
chorus:
no matter wherever you are, you're never too far
from revenue huh, cause you can be king
you can rule the world, you can do anything
it's on you baby, cause you can be a star
no matter wherever you are, you're never too far
from revenue huh, cause you can be king
you can rule the world, you can do anything
it's on you baby, cause you can be a star
no matter wherever you are, you're never too far
from revenue huh
you know what i'm saying, see what i'm talking about man?
cause that's it
yeah
a million dollars ain't even that far away man
yo we got to get the money man, i can't be broke for the rest of my life
yeah i hear what your saying,
look there's got to be something better, you know what i'm saying?
i can't live like this for the rest of my life man,
bumming rides everywhere i go
yeah, what's up with lexus' and land cruisers'?
verse 2:
yo i'm not about to chance it and dismiss handling business
i'm canceling christmas to gamble and risk this
financial interest is the matter at hand
i got an adequate plan for stab at a grand
i grab what i can and do what i must
pursue what i lust, it's true that i just choose
the few that i trust, thems the people that i still got
f*** with gangsta fill pot, get your grill shot
the 5 elemantz for life my man thyme
proof, kyu and denaun, we move through into time
my crews true and divine, we never fronted
we just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred
instead of hunted or being wanted as fugitives
it's all about a man planning what his future is
what he can do for his to be a star
chorus:
no matter wherever you are, you're never too far
from revenue huh, cause you can be king
you can rule the world, you can do anything
it's on you baby, cause you can be a star
no matter wherever you are, you're never too far
from revenue huh, cause you can be king
you can rule the world, you can do anything
it's on you baby, cause you can be a star
no matter wherever you are, you're never too far
from revenue huh
that's what i'm talking about, i'm not trying to be the player,
i'm trying to be the man, i'm want to be president
yo forgot that president man i'm trying to be king,
making dead presidents, you know what i'm saying?
yeah
getting money anytime i want owning my own businesses and all that,
you know what i'm saying?
yeah, i'm trying to be a millionare man, hahaha, but don't all you know
you only live once
ninety six baby"
"i could be with anybody, i choose you
still, it's no excuse to abuse you
but no one knows what i'm goin' through
so i'd use you
to be truthful, i wouldn't know what to do if i lose you
so i refuse to
might have a screw loose and a fuse blew
but i think i might be buildin' up a tolerance to you
'cause one minute i'm hollerin', ""screw you""
next, i take it back
guess you can say i'm tryna unscrew you
but the shit's about to pop off, yeah, i feel you up
then i got you totally open as soon as i take your top off
you're so hard to resist, you knock my socks off
my friends say you're bad for me, hogwash
i'll never love again
the way i loved you
did you find someone new?
are you doin' this with them?
'cause i remember when
still remember when you was mine, yeah
we were inseparable at one time, yeah
you know my love for you was undying, yeah
used to always have my back
some days it feels like you're all that i have
that's why i'm tryna hold onto you for as long as i can
and you just want me for my money
so i got you wrapped all in saran
damn, talk about eatin' out the palm of my hand
but if not for my financials
i wouldn't have you anyways, there have been ample
plenty days, where i'm just in a daze and i can't pull
myself up out this rut
and you're so much of a handful
i can only take so much of you all at one time
because too much of you
is just too much to swallow sometimes
gotta take you in doses, but when you're not at my side
i shake in convulsions, separation anxiety
'cause we may be the closest
yeah, baby, we hopeless, don't we make an atrocious
combination? we know, it's like playin' with explosives
quite dangerous though, but my brain's in hypnosis
such a wide range of emotions
migraines, but why the f*** am i takin' these motrins?
ibuprofens, like a drop of rain in the ocean
and you're my fix on the days when i'm broken
but the shit's about to go sideways, i just know it
i'll never love again
the way i loved you
did you find someone new?
are you doin' this with them?
'cause i remember when
still remember when you was mine, yeah
we were inseparable at one time, yeah
you know my love for you was undying, yeah
used to always have my back
so i spiral downwardly 'cause i'm too cowardly to leave you
head is clouded in a fallacy, but in reality
somehow it seems like when i lay me down to sleep
i'm counting sheep
you're bound to creep
'cause every time i turn around
you keep runnin' out on me
you're my xanax and my valium
i'm an addict, you're a downer
you're my habit, it's like i found you in the cabinet
but it's like i can't uncap it 'cause it's childproof
a scoundrel and fiend's how i feel around you
awful, every time i lost you
felt like i had you in my pocket
now i'm flippin' over the furniture
punchin' holes in the walls through
everything that we've gone through
how many times you've f***ed me
but the way it felt for me to be on top when i was on you
swore my fealty, but word to g. o. d
i thought you loved me, b****
you tried to kill me, i'm getting off you
quit callin' for me, hard proof's how i respond to
the ambien and tylenols too
f*** all you
f***in' b****
we're done"
"in my mind i'm a fighter, my heart's a lighter
my soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up
arsenic writer, author with arthritis
carpel tunnel, marshall will start shit itis
hard headed and hot headed, bull headed and pig headed
d*** headed, a prick, a big headache i'm sick
quick witted, for every lyric spitted
there are six critics who wait for me to slip with it, so quick
this dynamite stick buried the wick
it's gonna explode any minute, some lunatic lit it, and it's not nelly
do not tell me to stop yelling, when i stop selling, i quit so
stop dwelling an' i am not failing
you f***ers are not ready, 'cause i got jelly
like  pot belly, this is ""destiny""
yes money i'm of running
so get off of me, i'm not slowing or softening
chorus
no apologies
nah suckers i'm not sorry you can all sue me
y'all could be the cause of me
no apologies
y'all feelin' the force of me, no remorse for me
like there was no recourse for me
no apologies
i'm not even acknowledging you at all
till i get a call that god's coming
no apologies
laugh f***ers it's all funny
i can spit in your face while your standin' across from me, no apologies
my head hit's the pillow, a weeping willow
i can't sleep, a pain so deep it bellows
but these chellos, help just to keep me mellow
hand's on my head, touched knees to elbows
i'm hunched over, emotion just flows over
these cold shoulders are both frozen, you don't know me
i keep saying it, i can't stress it enough
so keep playing it and stand next to the subs
i choke mics like asphyxiation
when i'm stranglin' my own throat masturbatin' f*** yeah i'm a basket case and i mastered this rap shit
till my ass gets wasted
till my assassination
till i'm slain 'cause of some f**'s infatuation
44 mags a fascination
a taste for disaster, and if that's the case then...
chorus
this song isn't for you, it's for me, a true mc
it's what it do just to see if he still has it
and if his skills mastered
he's able to spill raps long after his killed that's a, real mc
got you feelin' me, whether willing or unwillingly, you still agree
as long as there's still this hunger and will in me
then expect a longer life expectancy
i'd be a savage beast, if i ain't have this outlet to salvage me inside
i'd be exploding soaked in self loathing an' mourning
so i'm warning you, don't coax me, it's silly
i'm really a sheep in wolf's clothing
who only reacts when he gets pushed, don't be, fooled
the press blows up this whole thing, it's stupid
they don't know 'cause they don't see that i'm wounded
all they did was ballooned it
i'm sick of talkin' 'bout these tattoos cartoon did
that's why i tuned it out, i'm sick of dukin'
an' they can suck my d*** while i'm pukin'
an' you too, you can...
expect no sympathy from me, i'm an mc
this is how i'm supposed to be, cold as a g
my heart's frozen it don't even beat
so expect no apologies
expect no sympathy from me, i'm an mc
this is how i'm supposed to be, cold as a g
my heart's frozen it don't even beat
so expect no apologies"
"yeh hahaha, bizarre kid comin at you.
eminem and fuzz, and mr swifty.
no ones iller than me,
no one no one is iller than me
no one is iller than me, its mr. swifty, from the 3 1 3
i make rappas wanna turn in sang'as
i keep hos lickin they fingas
bring us competition and face this neena
got your whole crew doin sapeenas
hell naw you aint seen a crew genious
murder whoevers between us
pack yo heatas, keep it close you cant beat us
while your whole crew treat us like g's, u best believe us
i done made quadrapaleegics outta these non rappin rejects
while the whole world ejects your tape
it aint no secret that yo shit sounds fake
you cant stop it my mind state
makes it too late, for cops tryin to stop the crime rate
im like a toothache, im painful to rappers and you can tell
from these shells how i got up in him like root canals
i erase all trails sumthin farther from gettin bail
makes you wanna kill an mc urself, you might as well
deeper than a 25 to life sentance only get trial
horrified then keep on frontin repentin n lose they biles
everything gets filed when swifts around they get by
n****s dumb enough n try n front and escape high
ima take this yak aint drink it straight wild
n****s steady fallin in my face like milk crates blow
its swifty from the 313, like i said no ones iller than me
me n eminem n mike, drivin down van dike
get my d*** sucked late at night, by a f***in tranvestite
still on probation for stranglin my boy jason
should be takin my medication, its 9 10 im facin
last week this old man i had to blast
cuz he tried to help me out when my car ran outta gas
ripped this old lady hung her neck by a hook
didnt realize it was my grandmother till i checked her pocket book
f***in wit the white boy got me back on crack
bet theres a place where hell gets tvs and vcrs is at
i done lost a hundred pounds, i aint been eatin like i should
this wounded dog in the street is sure lookin good
drop this lil boy on his f***in paper route
throwin bombs in daycare centers and yell ""everybody get out!""
my gurl beat my ass n shot me in the back wit a 2 peice
cuz she found out i was havin an affair wit her 10 yr old neice
no one, no ones iller than me,its bizarre kid str8 from the 313
none one, no one is iller than me, its bizarre kid brother from the 313
slim shady
nobody better test me, cuz i dont wanna get messy
especially, when i step beside this b**** then fresh meat
new lugs, give the crew hugs, guzzle 2 mugs
b4 i do drugs, that make me throw up like flu bugs
tru thugs, rugged unshaved messy scrubs
rippin 40 bottles lke the f***in pepsi clubs
got in a fit, cracked open a 6
im on my seventh eightball now i gotta take a piss
im hollerin at hoes that got boyfriends, who gives a f*** who they was?
im always takin sumone elses girl like cool j does
they prolly dont be packin anyways do the fuz?,
we walked up stomped they asses n blew they buz
mics get sandblasted, stab ur abdomin wit a handcrafted
pocketknife then spill your an acids
sprayed ur muthaf***in crib up when i ran past it
f***in failin, head to hell in a hand basket
talkin shit wil get you, ur gurl, and ur man blasted
kidnapped then slapped in a van wrapped in seran plastic
get yo damn ass kicked, by these fantastic
furious four muthaf***as flashin in front uh yo face witout the grand masses
slim shady. aint nobody iller than me
royce shit like an ass wit legs, massive lead to leave you cabage red
similar to yo ass in a casket dead, drastic spread of acid heads
comin towards you like a bassat egg, the trash you said
got you standin on plastic legs, i asked the feds from past to ed
rockin the most classic dreds, slashin bread
roll down the window, b**** you got sum fantastic legs
you can get it till that ass get red
you can get it till that ass get red
bizarre you get him n him, swift you get him n him
ill get him n him, leave the other 2 for my n**** eminem
neva writers block, i block writers
my blocks tighter, ante up n get your top fighters
got fired, for jumpin the counter with the mop stick
some b**** ran up screamin ""get the cops quick""
and got drop kicked now she screamin stop it
got clipse to stop shit, rock shit, grab this hot shit
wherever you shop b****, fuz  scoota 97 crock pit
sick of u n****s lookin at me like i got tits
ill shoot a rockter thru your optic
you n****s still dont know the top tic? i got bricks
lose my foot in your ass n have you shittin socks b****
p rock shit, leave your f***in knock split
grab the green from al by showin em hot grits
aint nobody iller then me, its the mr fuzzy from the 313
no one no one is iller than me, its eminem and swift form the 313
no one no one is iller than me, its fuz and bizarre from the 313
you have now witnessed 4 ill mcs, from the home of potholes and trash, we'll"
"yo, how do i keep
gettin' in relationships like this?
maybe it says somethin' about me
should i look in the mirror?
i just want you to be normal
why can't you b****es be normal?
always gotta be so extra
why you always need a lecture?
my ex hates to talk, she's a texter
even when i'm in bed layin' right next to her
wants to get back together
said not 'til she gets her act together
she thinks i'm bein' mean and now
she starts to scream and shout
she's about to let the demons out
she don't want to see me with other females out
i tell the b**** to beat it, take the scenic route
she retaliates by tryin' to leave the house
in an evening gown with her cleavage out
we've been down this road too many times for me to count
and all i can think is how—
i just want you to be normal
why can't you b****es be normal?
always gotta be so extra
like a f***in' terrestrial
guess it comes with the territory
my ex girl, she just declared war
therefore, i better prepare for it
i guess bein' weird's normal
and i don't know what's got a hold of me
most notably i've been zonin' to jodeci
i'm totally open, hopelessly devoted
so much so that i bet you she don't even know that she's
the first thing i think of when i wake up
and the last thing i think of 'fore i go to sleep
psych, hope she don't notice me goin' through her purse
i know she cheats, so do i
i'm soulless, she's heartless
no wonder we're partners
both got hundreds of charges
domestic disputes but we've always
swept it under the carpet
even when 911 gets the call that
i slipped up and busted her jaw with
a louisville slugger 'cause alls it
really does is make our love
for each other grow stronger
she won me over the second she tried to run me over
told her i'd keep it a hun', we over
kicked her out, called her back, now she's coming over
but why is she so wicked?
and how the f*** did i get so twisted
up with someone so unlikeable and shifty
we're like nitrogen and hydrogen mixed with
ignitable liquids, but i'm finally seeing
she's only mine for the time being
that's why i keep bringin' up that one time she
tried to two time me
and throw it up in her face 'til i dry heave
how could i be so naive?
should i leave or turn this entire evening
into a motherf***ing crime scene?
maybe i'm just too ugly to compete with him
you weren't supposed to agree, you f***ing b****!
especially when you're the one cheated first
now the argument immediately becomes heated
you don't want me to flip, little conceited c***
eat a monkey d*** wrapped in a stuffed pita fajita
slut, treat it just like a drum, beat it
complete it, and once you've succeeded, repeat it!
i love you but i hope you f***in' die though
in our business your friends like to pry so
you've got 'em all under cover just like moles
hopin' they'll come back with intel
but i'm the one who's thrown into the spiral
'cause now the roles are reversed so here i go
thinkin' i'm sly as i scroll through your iphone
who the f***'s milo?
the guy at work who drives a hi lo
i put a tracking device on your chrysler
and follow you while you drive home
but like a cyclone, i just got my disguise blown
you recognize me and had milo flip me off
right out the passenger side window
i hit a light pole, you skrt off
and then pull up at 5am in the drive
in a stretched white limo
stumble in the side door
and hit me in the head with milo's demo
but like a drunk bum, what do i know?
let's sleep on it like they did revival
i told you you're the apple of my eye
so shut your pie hole
just wanna be normal
why can't you be normal? i just wanna be normal
why can't you be normal?"
"artist: bad meets evil  what? uhh..
 the bad..
 yeah..
 the evil..
 right, yo
 put em together
chorus: royce the 5 9, eminem
 yo if it wasn't for your whip, i'd have nothin to strip
 if it wasn't for a wrist, i'd have nothin to slit
if it wasn't for the shrooms, i'd have nothin to chew
 yo..
 i'm just f***in with you, cause i got nothin to do
i am bored!!!!!
i came in the diner with skateboarders, and placed orders
ate hors d'oeuvres, and hit the waiter with plate warmers *crash sound*
let you inhale the glock smell, while i'm rippin your wallet off
and slippin a molotov in your cocktail burnin your contracts, punch your a&r in the face *punch sound*
smash his glasses and turn em to contacts
i'm on some shook shit, if it's missin i took it nurse look at this straightjacket, it's crooked!
i go to jail and murder you from a cell
put a knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail so how do you describe someone, with a decapitated head
when the rest of his body's still alive runnin?
comin with five gunmen, waitin to do a drive by
so when you see the black 500  hide from it
for every hundred mc's rhymin about birds
only about two thirds'd really set it without words
yo you ain't a thug, i can make you b**** up
pick the fifth up, cock, spit, you would swear it's rainin slugs i'm the hottest shit in the industry i got every thug on the block that get a wind of me defendin me
you lack class and respect, get a direct backblast
the bad and evil mad rap, i cover the bad half
you know how a thug in this shit'll end up
spit a round, lift your chin up, you get hit, ten down and ten up i take it if you run your mouth, then you wanna get sent up
heat it up, you be leakin blood and spittin phlegm up
now we rivals, cause of a small name or title
you stepped, got devoured and left with a flower and bible
chorus: 2x
*yawns* forget a chorus    my metaphors are so complicated
it takes six minutes to get applause and by the time you all catch on, i'ma end your career
and walk away with the whole floor so you have nothin to fall back on!
i'll throw you off of ten floors ..
pull a f***in headache outta my head, and put it in yours i'm indoors, waitin for this acid to seep in my skin pores
to go outdoors and do some in stores
this b**** wanted to blow me, i said, ""it oughta happen.
you swallow cum b****?"" ""no, but i brought a napkin""
gettin skullie while i'm autographin
got my daughter laughin cause i sent her mother whitewater raftin
i'm not a fact, i'ma proven fear
mr. rogers blocked up my u haul screamin,
""wait, wait, wait.. you ain't movin here!""
lorena bobbitt, c'mere, want a souveneir?
i've been high as f***, since i was a juvi neer
juvenile? same difference    i need some 'caine
cause i ain't sniffed since i woke up the seven slain infants
 brain implants and they say there's a slim chance
i won't stay the same cause i traded brains with a chimpanz'
walkin in swamp water with an m 16, out for the blood
shove a gun in the mouth of a thug
to break braces, you say grace and make faces
i'll display hate and break you in eight places take paces, turn around draw in a standoff
precise aim, icin my fame, blowin your hand off
dancin with the devil leadin   i won't die, i'm never leavin i pledge allegiance to forever breathin
street n****z with nuts, what? my meat's bigger fake ass thugs with toy guns and cheap triggers
with a deathwish, thinkin i'm the n**** to mess with
let the tech lift, direct chest hit, melt your necklace
for instance, you just a henchmen, on tough soil a follower never had heart, he just loyal
thugs is glass doors, i see through em, put the heat to em
be careful you might get what you ask for
chorus 2x
 the bad.. the evil..
the bad.. the evil.."
"﻿uh, uh, uh, play that shit
what the f*** you doing stretch
gotta stretch your neck
you better protect it
i’mma inspect today
ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ho, ho
where’s my words at
yo see slim shady yo, where the birds at
me and flip the middle ones
rappers get these little ones in they mouth
these little nuts, yeah
shit, i don’t care i ain’t afraid to admit it
i got a little d*** yeah, but so do you
you scared to admit it
you won’t spit it on this mother friggen mic
cause i will strike and smack your ass like a friggen f**
and i don’t care if you get offended
i never pretended to rock this microphone beef
you wanna start it now we’ll end it
cause when i slip in the zone up on this microphone
people want me to do a written rap but f*** that go home
i don’t really give a damn i’ll kick right off of the top
and everything that i drop always gonna remain hot
let on the spot, slim, i mean woops, grim it’s when im dim
yo, i’m in affect mode
rappers get they neck sewed
get they whole threshold f***ed up
get they game presto
ha, ha
i busted, i kill it, i crush it, i do it, the fluid, i spill it, i’m ill wit
these motherf***ing rhymes that i be coming with there running with me
kick you in the motherf***ing stomach shit
cause you don’t want none of it
rappers always try but they always die
and rappers always stuck to me and tried to lie
yo, where my dogs at
yo  where my frogs at
in the house, it really doesn’t matter cause i still turn it out
when i step on this mic, smacking your spouse
ha, ha
the illest mc to come off the top
when i get this drum off
yo strech give me a break, let me catch my friggen breath
and till` the death, bust rhymes till` there’s none left
i’m wanted for theft and robbery
and probably smack a b**** up in the lobby g
cause she don’t want none of me
i’m the illest mc to ever hold a cordless on the planet earth and you’ll see
that i’m from the friggen d
ya’ll don’t get my point i’m from detroit
smoking fake grass like a joint
that’s the first simplest rhyme i ever said in my life
but, at the end of the night i’ll still be f***ing your wife
shit, i really don’t care your style needs to switch
cause you ain’t rich, that’s why you ain’t rich
remain underground, can’t come off the top
you can’t drop rhymes nonstop like this
i might twist my friggen d*** up in your ear
rappers always wanna stand clear
i’m a motherf***ing landmine
ya’ll don’t understand mine
i’m slim shady showing out like my tan line
ha, ha
the illest mc to rhyme
every time the illest mc of our time
i rhyme time and time twice but i’m nice
with this mic device i slice right through your adams apple
i had a snapple and a motherfriggen syringe
up in the bathroom i shouldn’t have but yo i boinked
to any mc up in this shit who want some
to any mc who wanna step up and get some
get done, f*** competition
let me catch my breath one more time
yo, i’m on a mission
to stomp any mc comp i just trunked
and swamp is this truamp unheard, no its not
yo, but here i go with this lyrical, lyricols, spiritual flows, that i slow
driving mc’s crazy, slim shady, up in your motherf***ing radio baby"
"no matter what people say
i'm gon keep rappin' this way
no matter what you may think
i'm gon keep doin' my thing
i'm the worst thing since fat bald men
decided to write songs to teach mouseketeers to sing
i stick britney spears in a room full of mirrors
so she gets fifty years of bad luck causing terror to christina aguilera
when i grab her by the hair and drag her across the sahara
beware of this rap terrorist with a therapist
with a hair up his ass like a rabbit crawled in his pants
got a habit of holding tylenol in his hands
til it melts in his f***in' palms and dissolves in his glands
 the fool who visit the playground
wit' two biscuits to lay down the school district
get pistol whipped wit a mauseburg
wit' a pistol grip and fed pitbulls shit
sniff glue sticks like i give two shits
if i get too rich, i just get sued
i leave wit no injure, after i blow four in ya
one handstand on top of yo' ninja
crash it,  doc stir the madness
til y'all outta work like tony atlas
walkin' cans in the laundry basket
america's most with the army after us
f*** flossin' we take what's yours
unload fifteen like an ace and four
i'm outta work, but doc laid them off
 the tape is off
yo, you targeted from arsonists
papermate pens filled wit arsenic
i got hoes that don't know what prada is
doc could shape up, touch your barber miss
betty you wit a bloody blade
i turn rap camps into crystal lake
f*** b****es face is what i'ma do
cuz that what white boy tano do
so how is everybody doin' tonight?
hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
cuz uh, we gettin' down for the f*** of it
so suck my d*** if y'all don't wanna bump to this... off the wall!!
yo, so how is everybody feelin' tonight?
hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight
cuz uh, we gettin' down for the f*** of it
so suck my d*** if you don't wanna bump... off the wall!!
no matter what people say
i'm gon keep rappin' this way
no matter what you may think
i'm gon keep doin' my thing
yo, you could buy jaz spittin', hospital, son admit it
rip your lips off, kiss my ass wit it
slap b****es, got marshall mathers weed, ex, and the acid tabs did it
i'm ""what's happening"" wit no rerun
doc rob deniro when the +heat+ come
my barrel hang out the camaro
aimed at the nose of them hoes it's hard to breathe from
flash the gat, your town, bogardin'
yo' wallet, your chain the main target
beef is like cold engine, don't start it
bust in the air and hit a airplane pilot
we clowned you, rap surround sounds around you
from ten speed and brown shoe
doc and eminem, cock the m & m
blood flows with 2pacalypse and them
it's like, funk doctor meets the punk rocker
got the drugs stopped inside the lunch box pop junk like i just got jumped
popped the trunk and pulled out the shotgun pump
knock wood, it's all good, thank god for vodka
cuz wit my luck, i'll probably get shot by a stalker
probably got a fanatic waitin upstairs in the attic
wit a automatic callin' me up there
my man stan wit a gat in his hand
stakin my house out in a tan tinted sedan
he pull your mouth out til you can't finish a damn
ham sandwich, or your can spinach and spam
til you gotta sip through a straw, shoplift through the mall
pictures of me on my mom's living room wall
hey ma, maybe i'll give you a call
sike you f***in' b****, suck a d*** and two balls
i'm givin you all my job descrip'
which is, to piss b****es and priests off with this
pop more pills than police officers
arrive at the scene and pull me off of kim
teeth off my d***, hands off my balls
but y'all can kiss my ass, pants off and all
cuz i'm so goddamn off the wall
i might as well as be a painting smashed on the floor
so how is everybody feelin' tonight?
hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight
cuz uh, we gettin down for the f*** of it
so suck my d*** if you don't wanna bump to this... off the wall!
so how's everybody doin' tonight?
hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
cuz uh, we gettin' down for the f*** of it
so suck my d*** if y'all don't wanna bump to this... off the wall!
no matter what people say
i'm gon keep rappin' this way
no matter what you may think
i'm gon keep doin' my thing
no matter what people say
i'm gon keep doin' my thing"
"you claim if you get knocked by the cops
you'll give 'em not even a statement
walk in the arraignment, shoot the bailiff
karate kick the plaintiff
gotti with the stainless
i'll just call it shoddy entertainment
if y'all was in the party gettin' faded
on molly, had the audience sedated
you wouldn't catch a body if it fainted
probably let it fall and hit the pavement
but you'd be the first lobbyin' to claim it
b****, stop bein' a lame
your hobby isn't robbery and dismemberin' body limbs
like you was tommy lynn sells
and chainsawing them in the basement
hardly fits your job description
ain't nobody dippin' out the back of the club like, ""oh my god, he's trippin'""
only time you get the blade is probably with the dang lawn equipment, ain't it?
wouldn't take a bobby pin and wave it
i need to stop bein' debated
you're still copyin', xeroxing, i'm still coppin' a feel
like bill cosby at will, popping a pill then spill oxys in jill's coffee
then send her out to the hotel lobby a lil' wobbly and still groggy
this blonde f***s reprehensible misconducts, never sensible
kiss my butt, my set of principles is gone
but till i get the president to respond
my pen and pencil is a missile launcher
and send it to mitch mcconnell
just as big of a b**** as donald
shit's on, bruh
let me sing this shit soprano
while i do it pizzicato
ivanka, stiff arm her
while i'm hittin' on melania
and this song's for all ya
'cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
they want me to go eat some worms
i hope you offended
and drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
but i'ma make you eat your words
i hope you offended
you can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'cause you're only gonna make things worse
i hope you offended
'cause i swear when i get up i'm never gonna let up
'til everybody eats my turds
these drums and hard snares bring out the worst in me
like justin ross harris at a nursery
goin' ham at candy yam on nanny cam
i'm gettin' handys with the zanny xannys in the caddy armrest
i'm imagining objects, so i'm batting cobwebs
from a daddy longleg
and hamtramck, got the panoramic camera
xanax, a banana hammock and a santa hat
i'm smellin' like a damn mechanic
with a chick that looks like janet jackson with a spanish accent
twice your age and i'm actin' half it
grow up? nah
not that i know of, y'all
basement just got a frickin' overhaul, got a stripper pole installed
started rollin' all through those kolonopins like a bowlin' ball
like an overdose on twice the ratio of propofol and go through no withdrawal
while i get fellatio and give a facial to an interracial blow up doll of rachel dolezal
you're so appalled , so's my manager
b**** i'm amateur, f*** a pro career
coast is clear, but nowhere to go from here
and nobody's close, so don't compare
they ain't nowhere near, i'm way over here
my competition can't see me
'cause i don't own a mirror
but marshall, you are terrific, so smart and gifted
i'm so narcissistic, when i fart, i sniff it
do a fake dab to smell my armpits with it
your anxiety's throwin' gang signs
but i made strides with these rape lines
i'm cuttin' back on women hate crimes
like ray rice when he facetimes
bang, bang, bang, bang time
dang knives to butcher them g** wives
you're gonna need sutures the same size
as the blade i push into captcha
pull 'em like... sleigh rides
gotta stab a b**** at least eight times
to make it on dateline
i came to stake my claim like a canine
waitin' in a buffet line
so kellyanne conway, i'm a really bad hombre
come play, belly dance on me
i've been making wedding plans all day
'cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
they want me to go eat some worms
i hope you offended
and drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
but i'ma make you eat your words
i hope you offended
you can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'cause you're only gonna make things worse
i hope you offended
'cause i swear when i get up i'm never gonna let up
'til everybody eats my turds
eight year old with the wordplay
girl, take this pole like a survey
today wasn't my birthday
but i'm caked up like a dessert tray
so we're in shape
'cause you're in a slurrin' state
i'm a ten, you're an eight, like what i do before, after, and during rape
you wanna get into a pissin' contest and find out who's better?
and they made a fool out of what i pulled out him
r. kelly with a full bladder
not in high school, grad, i'm not a scholar
but i'm so cold that i'm droppin' knowledge my degrees
it's the same as i got in college
but nobody's hotter, you owe me my respect
i owe you nada like lodi partner that blow me
told you i'm so dirty, homie you can throw me in some holy water
with some floaties on
and get the soap, and try to get the pope to hold me
while you hose me off and nope i won't be washed
you hope to god i don't explode, i gotta blow this spot up, though
i got a lotta more
i won't put the sugar coating on it though
'cause sometimes you can feel like your energy's expired
rap's got you drained, dead tired, zapped
you feel like a wet pile of crap
but look, man, like the feds buggin' my phone, uh huh
i get why you're tapped
but you gotta get your fire back
catch fire, get upset and fire back
is what i tell myself
when times get bad
'cause sometimes i might get sad
well i take the same advice i had
and tell myself like i used to tell hailie, when life's a drag
told her to do like her dad, don't cry, get mad
'cause little baby powders belong in diaper bags
i'm hyper, by the time you see this side of me
i'm right in your ass
'fore the pen, i stood up for the kid who had to put up with the bullies at his school you ain't have to have no money or go shoppin' just to cop a f***in' attitude
now my dough's amountin' to a mountain, it's rised too high to count it
never asked to be rich, all i did was wish i had a dime for every time that i was doubted
but then i think about it and i'm enraged
'cause i just figured out that if i was paid
for the time i spent to put the pen to the page
it'd be minimum wage
but it's embedded in my head and i never hunted for the bread and butter
what i wanted was to be the one that they was scared of
but i'm never gonna get the credit for the sweat and blood i put up in the pen
and when i'm dead i wonder will they put me on a pedestal
or forget i was ever this incredible
i guess i better go harder than ever 'cause i'll never get
another mothaf***in' opportunity again
to offend as many people with this i can, simply because i can
'cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
they want me to go eat some worms
i hope you offended
and drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
but i'ma make you eat your words
i hope you offended
you can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'cause you're only gonna make things worse
i hope you offended
'cause i swear when i get up i'm never gonna let up
'til everybody eats my turds"
"oh no what?s happening to my brain
i can?t believe this is happening again
lava out my lips i flips
wake up think i have a cramp
i?m trying to shove the lava lamp up my father?s ass
i think i?m out of gas, man
i think i need another mask
i?d ask my mother but i think she?s laughing at the plants
a half a gram of graham crackers and some van de kamp?s
i think i?ll eat some ambiens like they?re candied yams
cut a couple cadavers up and have a little snack
abraf ckingcadabra motherf cker look who?s back
just like a pendulum, satan?s pentagram swings
i accidentally dented it and bent the damn thing
shit i think i might have did it when i was dancing
while i was chopping one of my legs off and pulled a hamstring
first i re up, then i relapse
go to rehab then i detox after i see doc
and i?ll be back with the sequel, repeat the cycle
cause i react like the she hulk when i see nyquil
oh no
here we go again
when it?s going to end
where did it begin
maybe way back when
into the well, baby jessica fell
she may have wetted herself
quit playing, get her some help
mary kay letourneau sending me letters from jail
every day in journals saying how
she wanted to smother me in lettuce and mayo
i?m the medicine man
my medical marijuana was prescribed by a doctor
shove a typewriter up her
perez hilton?s ass, shit, almost forgot that
he?s always shoving something up his ass so why not that?
and f ck it while i?m venting let?s shove a vending machine
up his rear end when he?s bending over pretending that he
didn?t say anything that would be offending to me
stick his head in a blender, begin blending in g
where should i put the pink sissy with the fluffy hair?
put him under the stairs? people are already under there
hmm, i wonder where. wait, i think the cubpoard?s bare
stuff him up in the tupperware and shove him up in there
vicodin?s like a nitrogen hydrogen vitamin
i bite into five and then i get high as a kite again
i like it when i get in my zone on the mic again
who am i kidding? i couldn?t quit this shit if my life depends
i relapsed twice after i came outta brighton then
yeah, rehab?s nice, i had my name up in lights again
you see that?s why i can?t decipher what life i?m in
i might pull a knife on your wife and slice her and dice her then
it sounds so enticing, isn?t it nice when i?m hype again?
i?m nice when i?m like this, no time to write just type it in
if i could get my pen to slow down, what?d i write just then?
man i?m about to hyperventilate, i just have hyper tension
i have the type of mental state you couldn?t comprehend
unusually stupid of you for you to think i?m your friend
i usually do what i do and suffer no consequence
i offer no mercy, the controversy is once again"
"yeah, ya know? critics man
critics never got nothin' nice to say, man
you know the one thing i notice about critics, man?
is critics never ask me how my day went
well, i'mma tell 'em
yesterday my dog died, i hog tied a ho, tied her in a bow
said next time you blow up try to spit a flow
you wanna criticize dog try a little mo'
i'm so tired of this i could blow, fire in the hole
i'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the 'dro
better hold on a little tighter here i go
flows tighter, hot headed as ghost rider
cold hearted as spiderman throwin' a spider in the snow
so ya better get to blowin in flow rider
inside of a low rider with no tires in the hole
why am i like this? why is winter cold?
why is it when i talk, i'm so biased to the hoes?
listen dog, christmas is off, this is as soft as it gets
this isn't gob this is a blister in the salt
those are your wounds this is the salt, so get lost
shit dissin' me is just like pissin' off the wizard of oz
wrap a lizard in gauze, beat you in the jaws with it
grab the scissors and saws
and cut out your livers gizzards and balls
throw you in the middle of the ocean in the blizzard with jaws
so sip piss like sizzurp through a straw
then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all
got the gall to make chris piss in his draws
ticklin' him go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog
you're on fire
that's how ya know your on a roll
'cause when you hot it's like your burnin' up everyone else's cold
your on fire
man, i'm so f***in' sick, i got ambulances pullin' me over and shit
you're on fire
ya need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit
to give the whole hip hop shop the blow
you're on fire, yeah, you're on fire
i just wrote a bullshit hook in between two long ass verses
if you mistook the for a song, look
this ain't a song it's a warnin' to brooke hogan and david cook
that the crook just took over so book
run as fast as you can, stop writin' and kill it
i'm lightning in a skillet, your a f***in' flash in a pan
i pop up you b****es scatter like hot grease splashin' a fan
mr mathers is the man
yeah, i'm pissed but i would rather take this energy
and stash it in a can, come back and whip your ass with it again
salivas like sulfuric acid in your hand it'll eat through
anything metal the ass of iron man
turn him into plastic so for you to think
that you could stand a f***in' chance is assanine
yeah, ask the nine man, hit a blind man with a coloring book
and told him color inside the lines or get hit widda fine crayon
f*** it i ain't playin', pull up in a van and hop out
at a homeless man holdin' a sign sayin'
vietnam vet, i'm out my f***in' mind, man
kick over the can beat his ass and leave him 9 grand
so if i seem a little mean to you
this ain't savage you ain't never seen the brew
you wanna get graphic we can go the scenic route
you couldn't make a belemic puke
on a piece of f***in' corn and peanut boo
sayin' you sick, quit playin' you prick don't nobody care
then why the f*** am i yellin' at air
i ain't even talkin' to no one 'cause ain't nobody there
nobody will f***in' test me 'cause these hos won't even dare
i'm wastin' punchlines but i got so many to spare
i just thought of another one that might go here
naw, don't waste it save it, psycho, yeah
plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about michael's hair
you're on fire
that's how ya know your on a roll
'cause when you hot it's like your burnin' up everyone else's cold
you're on fire
man, i'm so hot my motherf***in' firetrucks on fire, homie
you're on fire
ya need to stop drop and roll 'cause when you say the shit
to give the whole hip hop shop the blow
you're on fire, yeah, your on fire
you're on fire"
"sometimes its hard, to wake up in the morning
mind full of demons, i dont wanna hear 'em anymore
got me heartbroken, fine, so many babies screamin
cuz they seeing destruction before they see a human being
so they start smokin weed, we'll never get our day
until we learn to pray, keep our families safe
cuz they all broken, why? two ghetto birds die
before we learn to fly
somebody else can say im pokin guns, smokin weed
can all make the change so im told but i havent seen a change unfold
i keep hopin, please! if you prefer to breath
communities in need, of people that we lead
keep your eyes open now, then only say i try
until the day i die, i promised to be wise
with my heart open, greed, brings only misery
a weight of tragedy, so i stay sucker free
only a few chosen rise, my ghetto queens rise
dont be afraid to try, too many of us die
for the thought of hopen wise, my brothers speak wise
they focus on the prize, till everybody dies
we could only learn to take, our anger and our hate
control our mental state, settle down and just set it straight
maybe we could learn to take, a second to pump the brakes
but we said it, regret it later, and let it escalade
cuz by then its just too late, theres so much we can take
theres only so much someone can swallow and tolerate
till the point that he just breaks, snaps and thats all it takes
you think that we was learnin from other rappers mistakes
but we aint, his brain will go against
with every artist comes an image he portrays
and a picture that he paints
but in the midst of all this anger and this gangs
never once did you hear me say i'm a gangsta
and i aint hear no complaints
but i know, that i will always continue to grow
as long as i lead, and never follow noone else's shadow
there will never be another me, and that i will guarantee
its that why i remain sucker free, to this day
the game, will never be the same
no matter how much fame or success they attain
there will never be another me
and no matter what they do, there will never be another you
you can search but you'll never find
you can try to rewind time, but in your hearts and your minds
we will never die, we are forever alive
when we continue going, one day at a time
dont get caught in the publicity, and caught in the hype
rappers are, regular people minus money and lights
searchin for, fortune and fame and super stardom
all the jewelry, all the cars, who screws the hardest
now the hip hop police's surveillance is watchin
and the kids think beef is their only option
outlawz, poor and filthy, guilty as charged
my memories they can die, my  makaveli  lives on
you think the industry is fun, and no pity with guns
and when your money is up, thats when your enemies come
so if he died and came back, would he try to save rap
we needin a change, the drama remains
i spend my whole life, fightin myself
that, i cant win, so i'm invitin some help
and every now and then, i take rights on the left
i'm still just like a kid, lookin for stripes on my belt
that day is a fight in itself
so i just pray and hope god take a light to myself
no matter how much i try to stay alive, i'mma die, mad
still standin and in love with my pride
my hard frivilous beef, we passed that
im tryna keep some in c comin and then collect on my ass cap
but rappers in the game aint changed
and i finally realized that we not in the same game
the hatin will never end, so i guess i'll deal with it
them 4 5 a cop, chillers just i'm still with it
them streets is military, you gotta be a soldier
gotta stay lirry and keep your eyes on the rollers
they do what they gotta do to shackle and hold us
so we gotta do it, we gotta do to keep growin
one way at a time, keep the faith in your mind
when we continue growin, one day at a time "
"shady aftermath
g unit!
cause we came here to set this party off
right let's bounce tonight
and if they don't let us in through the front
we'll come through the side
cause i don't ever wanna leave the game
without atleast sayin good bye
so all my people on my left
all my people on the right swing one last time
get ya ass up for the doctor
one more time get ya ass up for the doctor
come on here we go cliff hanger
it's another club banger got ya hangin on the edge of ya seat
get on down
time's up game's over you lose i win
bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
ooh yea new year next phase begin
look who's got you goin crazy again
i'm a trend i set one everytime i'm in
i go out and just come back full circle again
you a fad, that means you're somethin that we already had
but once you're gone you don't come back
too bad you're off the map now, radar can't even find you
we stay on the grind you slip we out grind you
you walk around mad you let your anger blind you
we walk around just playin the violin behind you
enough with all the pissin and moanin, whinin and b****in
sittin observed, listen you'll learn if you pay attention
while 10 multi platinum albums later, three diamond
world wide we on the charts with a bullet we're still climbin'
cause we came here to set this party off
right let's bounce tonight
and if they don't let us through the front
we'll come through the side
cause i don't wanna ever leave the game
without atleast sayin good bye
so all my people on my left
all my people on my right swing one last time
when dr. dre says crunk you will get it crunk
get it crunk and when 50 cent says jump
you will get on one foot and 
the buzz is tremendous we drop you all just sense it
i don't gotta promote it for you to know the doc is off the benches
we keep the party rockin off the hinges
we ain't showin off, we just goin off popular concenses
but critics say the doc is soft, doc is talk
the doc is all washed up knock it off
who the f*** is doc impressin
doc is this doc is that you got the wrong impression
you must be on the cock of doc cuz doc left you all guessin
so dj take the needle and just drop it on the record
we gonna have this mothaf***a hoppin in a second
thats why we always save the best cut last
to make a scratch and itch to it like fresh cut grass
cause we just playin with the sharks wrestlin with alligators
spoke to a generation of angry teenagers whom if it wasnt for rap
embraced the gat or maybe raised to be racist who may have never
got to see our faces, graced the cover of rolling stone pages
broke down barriers of language and races, just call on the
cape crusaiders and leave it to me and dre to pass the mic
and we can play the back and forth all day like the hot potatoe game
thats why we
cause we came here to set this party off
right let's bounce tonight
and if they don't let us through the front
we'll come through the side
cause i don't wanna ever leave the game
without atleast sayin good bye
so all my people on my left
all my people on my right swing one last time
50 cent come on!
bounce now hands up you know how we do
we make the club jump everywhere we go
it's no secret everybody know when dre's involved
there's plenty money involved
and plenty honies involved and sunny sunday's and palm trees
cali everyday is just another party from the vallies
all the way to them 8 mile alleys
let's ralley hands up for the grand finale now raise up your seat
dre's about to speak blaze a pound of weed six days about the week
you can catch me in the studio bangin out the beats to
provide you with the heat that keep blazin out ya speaker
so never say never cuz shady aftermath together
along with g unit records presents the return of the
the doc and shady no one can do it better
we tear the club up and leave without a shred of evidence of the
cause we came here to set this party off
right let's bounce tonight
and if they don't let us through the front
we'll come through the side
cause i don't wanna ever leave the game
without atleast sayin good bye
so all my people on my left
all my people on my right swing one last time
still aftermath
2006
and don't worry bout that detox album
it's comin, we gon make dre do it
ha ha
50 cent, g unit, obie trice, d twizze
stat quo, dr. dre we ain't leavin let's go
by nenéu"
"artist: eminem f/ thymehey yo, what's up man? hey, yo you been here all day man
ya'll been here every weekend man,
i don't ever get a chance to rap first man!
that's cause you whack!
what?!? i ain't whack n****, i got some raps for all ya'll
n**** my raps fresh, i'ma bust my raps first,
you can bust yours after me if you want to
no no man, i'm going first,
i'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man
you always rap first,
i'm rapping i don't care what none of ya'll say,
i'm fresh, i'm fresh
thyme:
ayo, who the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
point him out man i wanna know
who the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
 i wanna know, i wanna know
i said who the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
point him out b**** i wanna know
who the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
 i wanna know, i wanna know
verse 1: eminem
i'll have you taken back to christ when you sacrifice
the way you acting slice when i tear your back with knifes
jacking life's of mc's, now i'm set to launch a plan
for blowing up the stage with illegal contraband
a stomped your man so unless you want what he got
you better set the mic down, i'm steaming like a teapot
i'll make the tea hot, people get in my face and ask
if i wanna battle, then i chase them in a jason mask
it's an amazing task to battle with success
i never gave a f***, now i give a f*** less
and in a slug fest i get physical like physicians
invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions
wicked wizardry, like a sorcerer and no remorse for you
when i torture you throughout the course of my orchestra
so feel the force of my spiritual images
slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages
my skin itches every time a rapper recites
and when he's through with his verse, i'm all covered in flea bites
you wanna see fights i got a match for you
you couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula
chorus: thyme
ayo, who the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
point him out man i wanna know
who the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
 i wanna know, i wanna know
ayo, who the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
point him out b**** i wanna know
who the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
 i wanna know, i wanna know
verse 2: eminem
you b****es get a hysterectomy disrespecting me
you wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tech to me
intellectually superior, i'll make the whack wearier
inferior, deterior rate, like bacteria
materially, killing serially, clearly you'll see
how much in fear when u hear me you'll be
shiver and shake, quiver and quake
bite a rhyme and rip it off then stiffer and ache, whither and break
you slithering snake, gibbering fake, fibbering flake
i'll twist you into a different shape
and toss you in michigan lake, for fisherman sake
if this is a dream you'd wish you can wake
every dis you can take, personal
we ain't friends trying to make amends
if you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence
i make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces
your last releases, you bad diseases, that's the reason
i'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic
so pass it like a hot potato
i've never been less than clever and fresh
severing flesh of fools who never impressed i can confess
chorus: thyme
who the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
point him out man i wanna know
who the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
 i wanna know, i wanna know
ayo, who the f*** passed you the mic man and said that you can flow?
point him out b**** i wanna know
who the f*** passed you the mic and then said that you can flow?
 i wanna know, i wanna know
whhhooo the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
point him out!! i wanna know
who the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
 i wanna know, i wanna know
ayo let me get that mic manâ€¦
who the f*** passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
who the f*** passed you the mic, who the f*** passed you the mic!!
i got the rhymes b****, i'll kick that shit"
"here's the story, of a little boy.
growin' up in a suburban home,
trying to cope with everyday life,
who lives in a little house,
that was built, in the middle of the street.
""hey, mom!
tupac's on the juke box,
so what he shot two cops,
and raped a little girl,
while two dudes watched,""
""nuh uh! they were tryin' to frame him,
you wouldn't have two pack shaker,""
""no! that ain't how you say his name, mum!
you're so lame,
don't you know anything?""
""yeah!
i know that you'll probably go,
and join in a gang,""
""yeah, right. im out
where's my f***in' walkman at?""
""stop cussin' at me!""
""shut up, b****!""
""and quit talking black.""
well,
slammed the door and i'm out,
now, what?
it's probably warm in the house.
f***, i forgot my jacket,
forgot it was winter.
i'm gettin' thinner,
i'm hungry.
is mom cookin' dinner?
""mom!
let me back in!
i forgot my coat.
mom, come on, i'm not playin',
it's cold!
alright, sorry.
i need a jacket,
mom, look,
my tupac tape,
i just cracked it,
ma, please let me back in,
it is two pack shaker,
i just asked him.""
i'm freezin', i'm sneezin',
i'm breathin' too much cold air,
i'm wheezin',
""i ain't did nothin',
i didnâ€™t say ""i'm leavin',""
i said ""i'm goin' on the front porch to get somethin',""""
""alright, here.
take your damn coat and leave,""
""fine, i'll lea ,
mom! you cut off the sleaves!""
our house,
in the middle of the street.
one, two, three,
my teacher's two faced,
she went to lower my school grades,
since last tuesday,
i had a toothache,
from kool aid,
so mom kicked me out, and, all i had in my suitcase,
was one shoelace,
a tube sock,
and a tube of toothpaste,
sometimes,
it was cool,
""cause i could go to a friend's,
crash there,
fool around and just skip school.
but other times,
i'd rather just be home,
in my own room alone,
read my shit and nobody would know,
my little brother sucked on a bottle,
'til he was six,
so i'd hide it inside the couch,
and say ""i don't know where it is,""
but as soon as mom found it,
i would either be grounded,
or kicked out the house,
a thousand weeks,.
and still countin',
even when i was underage,
mom was tellin' cops,
i was tryin' to run away,
i told her,
""someday, b****, you're gonna pay,""
please, mom, please, mom, please, mom,
i wanna stay, 
my brother's incoherint,
mom's a single parent,
who ain't carin',
starin' through me,
like i'm transparent,
made it clear,
that i was just there,
to run an errands,
told her friends,
i was a son from her last marriage,
sent me up to the little corner store,
with a little note,
""please, sell my step son,
some cigarettes so i can smoke,""
one time,
i tried to fake sick,
to get attention,
back fired,
mom, sent me to school,
with a vengence,
my life's the worst thing that could ever happen to me,
i go to class,
and every teacher's always laughin' at me,
and mom says white rappers are laughed at.
not only that,
she heard me upstairs,
i can't rap,
and i'm stupid,
i never make an average,
of a b+,
i need to sit on my ass and sue people,
like she does,
one time, i got food poison,
from a hot dog,
mom sued and got $2,000,
from ballpark,
""hey, ma. you got a dollar?""
""i don't think so.
now keep an eye on your brother,
i'm goin' to bingo.""
""but, mom. you said you were broke.""
""who said?
you got your ears messed up,
from that damn rap music."""
"thank you!
go, go, go what the f*** are you doing?
mothaf***er bail on me? f*** you!
aw, you gotta be f***ing kidding me
are you f***ing kidding me?
shit!
get off
the parking lot
shit, ah!
f*** it!"
"hey em, you know you my favorite white boy right?
i owe you for this one
ive been patiently waiting for a track to explode on
you can stun if you want and your ass will get rolled on
it feels like my flowz been hot for so long
if you thinkin im f***in fall off your so wrong
finishin in my head, like a baby born dead
destination heaven, sit and politic with passengers
from nine eleven
the lords blessins leave me lyrically inclined
shit i aint even gotta try to shine
god's a seamstress to tailor fitted my pain
i got scriptures in my brain i could spit at your dame
straight out the good book, look, n****z iz shook
50 fears no man, warrior swing swords like conan
picture me pen in hand write linez knowin the source of polley
when i die, they'll read this and say a genius wrote it
i grew up without my pops does that make me bitta?
i caught cases i copped out does that make me a quitta?
in this white man's world im similiar to a squirrel
lookin for a slut with a nice butt to get a nut
if i get shot today my phone will stop ringin again
these industry n****z aint friends, they know how to pretend
ive been patiently waiting for a track to explode on
you can stun if you want and your ass will get rolled on
it feels like my flowz been hot for so long
if you thinkin im f***in fall off your so wrong
ive been patiently waiting for a track to explode on
you can stun if you want and your ass will get rolled on
it feels like my flowz been hot for so long
if you thinkin im f***in fall off your so wrong
patiently waitin to make it through all the hatin
debatin whether or not you could even weather the storm
just lay on the table they operatin to save you
itz like an angel came to you sent from the heavenz above
they think they're crazy but they aint crazy lets face it,
shit basically
they just playin sick, they aint shit
they aint sayin shit... spray'em fifty
a to the k, get in the way i'll bring dre and them wit me
and turn this day into f***in mayhem you stayin wit me?
dont let me lose you, im not tryin to confuse you
when i let loose with this uzi
and just shoot through your izuzu
you get the message am i gettin through to you?
you know whatz comin
you motherf***erz dont even know do you?
take some big and some pac and you mix them up in a pot
sprinkle a little big l on top, and what the f*** do you got?
you got the realest and illest killaz tied up in a knot
the jugganautz of this rap shit like it or not
its like a fight to the top just to see who died for the spot
you put your life in this   nothin like survivin the shot
y'all know what time it iz az soon az fifty signz on this dot
shit what you know about death threats, cuz i get alot
shady records was eighty seconds away from the towers
some cowards f***ed with the wrong building
they meant to hit ours
better evacuate all children   nuclear shower
theres nothin spookier,
you're now about to witness the power of f***in fifty
ive been patiently waiting for a track to explode on
you can stun if you want and your ass will get rolled on
it feels like my flowz been hot for so long
if you thinkin im f***in fall off your so wrong
ive been patiently waiting for a track to explode on
you can stun if you want and your ass will get rolled on
it feels like my flowz been hot for so long
if you thinkin im f***in fall off your so wrong
its the gansta ya'll when the shots go off
itz fifty, they say itz fifty
see a n**** laid out with his fukin top blown off
itz fifty, man that wasnt fifty, they don't holla my name
you shoudln't throw stones if you live in a glass house
and if you got a glass jaw, you should watch your mouth
cuz i'll break your face, have your ass runnin
mumblin to the jake,
you goin against me dawg you makin a mistake
ill split you have you lookin
like the michael jackson's jackets with all them zippers
im the boss on this boat, you can call me skipper
the way i turn the money over you should call me flipper
your b****, a regular b****, you callin her wifey
i f***ed her, i feed her fast food, you keepin her icy
im down to sell records but not my soul
snoop said this in 94': ""we dont love them hoez""
i got pennies for my thoughts, now im rich
see the twentys spinnin lookin mean on the six
n****z wearin flagz, cuz the colorz match they clothes
they get caught in the wrong hood and get filled up with holez
ive been patiently waiting for a track to explode on
you can stun if you want and your ass will get rolled on
it feels like my flowz been hot for so long
if you thinkin im f***in fall off your so wrong
ive been patiently waiting for a track to explode on
you can stun if you want and your ass will get rolled on
it feels like my flowz been hot for so long
if you thinkin im f***in fall off your so wrong
its fifty"
"hey, what's going on, this is paul rosenberger, attorney of
law. listen, i listened to the rough copy of your album and
uh, you know i've just got to be honest with you can you tone
it down a little bit? because there's only so much i can
explain. give me a call."
"hey em, it's paul.
umm, i listened to the new album
umm, are you really gonna just reply to everybody
who you don't like
what they have to say uh, about you
or the stuff you're working on?
i mean, i don't know
if that's really a great idea
its its like, what's next? kamikaze 2
the album where you reply to everybody
who didn't like the album that you made
replying to everybody
that didn't like the previous album
it's a slippery slope
i i don't know if it's a really good idea
uh, anyway, hit me back"
"""em, it's paul, um... i just listened to entire album
you gotta be f***ing kidding me
i mean with this christopher reeves shit
you know the guy's dead, right?
and then the whole g**, stepfather incest rape thing?
i don't have you're back on this one
i can't even f***in' handle it. i'm done. """
"paul rosenberg speaking on answering machine
em, it's paul, listen...
joe just called me and he told me you're in the
f***in
back behind the studio...
shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting
range...
i told you not to f***in bring your gun around like an idiot...
outside of your home,
you're gonna get yourself in trouble...
don't bring your gun outside of your home you can't
carry it on you...
leave the f***ing gun at home!
phone hangs up"
"i am phenomenal
with every ounce of my blood
with every breath in my lungs
won't stop until i'm phe no menal
i am phenomenal
however long that it takes
i'll go to whatever lengths
it's gonna make me a monster though
i am phenomenal
but i would never say, oh, it's impossible
cause i'm born to be phenomenal
unstoppable, unpoppable thought bubbles
untoppable thoughts, f***in' juggernaut that'll
stomp you in the verse, obstacles i'm drawn to 'em
when the going got rough
show 'em what i done thought that was the worse, little sissy
who the f*** taught you how to persevere?
there ain't no situation
that you ever had to respond to that's adverse
the messiest thing you've ever gone through
is your purse
yeah, i don't try like captain, i might as well
hang it up like a shelf
gotta keep growin' with it, evolve
cause you can keep throwin' shit at the wall
but you're gonna find that nothing's gonna stick
until you apply yourself
time to slip in that zone till' i find myself
inside the realm where the unknown and boldly go
in the waters where nobody else has gone before
or willing to go, uncharted, feeling is so
bomb, i'm feelin' myself, i'm a giant
sometimes i gotta remind myself that i am
i am phenomenal
with every ounce of my blood
with every breath in my lungs
won't stop until i'm phe no menal
i am phenomenal
however long that it takes
i'll go to whatever lengths
it's gonna make me a monster though
i am phenomenal
but i would never say, oh, it's impossible
'cause i'm born to be phenomenal
let me self empower you
when you're down
and they're tryin' to clown the f*** out of you
when you feel like you're runnin' out of fuel
i'll show you how to use doubt as fuel
convert it to gunpowder too
now what you do is
put the match to the charcoal fluid
put a spark to it
like martha stewart barbecuing
ah screw it, feel like you want to hit that wall then do it
punch through it, just cock back, put your all into it
now you gon' take that rage
and make that what you raise
never take back what you say
if you stay trapped in your brain
engage in this fueled cage match
ready to scrap asap
take your fists to his bones
show biggie who's smallest you're christopher wallace
yeah i picture 'em all as plastic and foam
lays flat, where you put your dinner plates at
and set it off like a placemat
and i want you to say that
i am phenomenal
with every ounce of my blood
with every breath in my lungs
won't stop until i'm phe no menal
i am phenomenal
however long that it takes
i'll go to whatever lengths
it's gonna make me a monster though
i am phenomenal
but i would never say, oh, it's impossible
cause i'm born to be phenomenal
phenomenal, phenomenal, phenomenal
step into the unknown and find yourself
you're floating freely, no emotion
got a f***in' mouth with no shut up valve
can't even cut the power to it, when it's what allowed
me to come up out from under the f***in' ground
cause i worked my butt off now
it's a subject i don't know how to shut up about
cause i stuck it out
like a motherf***ing tongue to tie
i responded when i got shoved around
you're gonna have down believers
but when you're beyond belief
you probably shouldn't wonder how
get it how you live
but are you prepared to give more than you get?
and put in twice what you get back from this shit
though what you sacrifice barely is half, never give
rap is my shiv
but it's like my shield at the same time i wield
i'ma knife this will
sometimes i feel just like b. real from cypress hill
how i can just kill a cypher, survivor's guilt
i rhyme like life is still an uphill climb
ready to face it, each challenge waitin'
taste it, it's salivation, i'm wagin' retaliation
look what i have built, reputation is delegation
the only thing i'm capable of makin' is amazing
only thing you're capable of makin' is a false statement
an accusation, i am legendary status, in fact
that is the only way you'll ever be able to say
your legend is makin' an allegation
i write with the left
same hand i hold the mic with
as i fight to the death, 'til my last breath
managed to prove who the best man is
surveil it, all cards be the only ones left standing
in the end
but i ain't gonna be the only one with the advantage
of knowing what it's like to be southpaw
cause you can bet your ass you'll be left handed
cause i am
i am phenomenal
with every ounce of my blood
with every breath in my lungs
won't stop until i'm phe no menal
i am phenomenal
however long that it takes
i'll go to whatever lengths
it's gonna make me a monster though
i am phenomenal
but i would never say, oh, it's impossible
cause i'm born to be phenomenal
phenomenal, phenomenal, phenomenal"
"proof:]
now everybody throw your hands in the air
put 'em up put 'em up
i'm smacking, upslash, and keep the hoes in checking,
dubble last slim shady, this is real shit.
sit back, relax, when my boys smocks crack.
i'm the big master,  can't u see thaaaat ??
aww, yes i'm from the mothaf***in´ wild west.
lift your shirt up, and tell me who's real best?
everlast, girls three times at day three times at night,
i got g's full of criminals peooople,
shut u down for revange, g.
beat u down as we all know i do g.
brothers like, eminem change the stylaa.
shut the f*** up i feel high for this sluuuutt!
like everytimes smoke the herion.
get back in this day shit and feel for more crack like kokain.
listen, must we repeat ?
i'm not the one who write about bullshit,
and sell those drug shit, and f*** mothaf***as´ who say that i'm talking shit.
detroit sidney is where i grew up b****.
now peace for all my outsiders, and this world.
f*** what u want this is three one third.
put 'em up yaaa put 'em up put 'em up.
say dr.dre  dr.dre 
one two three and to the four,
snoop doggy dog, and dre is after ya.
ready to fight? go and get your back up.
and we about to f*** u upppp..
gimme the microphone first, so i can fly like a bubble.
all those peices together, yo u know you're in trouble.
i'm sayin´ nuttin but he says : .
we beat him g, so : .
but back to the old shit and make this to a end.
nervous is nervous, something u can't understand.
you never know my wife maybe could hurt a man.
burn a man, and last thing, feel for learn this man.
and when she learn, i chill for a minute.
ain't no b**** ass p**** on my f***in´ penis.
and thats really horny so my penis got harder,
stronger bigger, so hard u wanna f*** her.
 peace!!"
"well, i do pop pills
i keep my tube socks filled
and pop the same shit that got tupac killed
spit game to these hos
like a soap opera episode
then punch a b**** in the nose
until her whole face explodes
there's three things i hate: girls, women, and b****es
i'm that vicious to talk up and drop kick midgets
they call me ""boogie night""
a stalker that walks awkward
stick figure with a d*** bigger than mark wahlberg
coming through the airport sluggish, walking on crutches
and hit a pregnant b**** in the stomach with luggage
it's like a dream, i can't back out, i black out
i'm back out, looking for someone ""of"" to beat
the ""crap out""
i'm bringing you rap singers
two middle fingers
flip you off in french and translate it in english
then i'm gonna vanish from the face of this planet"
"yeah
shady aftermath see you met you 
chorus
i got places to go, i got people to see,
the penitentiary, ain't the place for me,
i'm warnin you do, not tempt me,
i'll run up and squeeze
and put a hole in you, hole in you
verse 1
you mistaken me for somebody that you should be testing,
your should be stressin i'm gonna f***in teach you a lesson,
mac 101's in session and lace the track that i'm blessin,
smith and western's, the weapon, in case you just guessing, )
these straight busters kept in, kept in my benz, hop in the end's,
watch the 22 spin , my hoe's a perfect 10
i got shot up but i got up and i'm back at it again,
motherf***ers they thought i would'nt win, pretend to be friends,
at first you fail, try, try, try, try again,
i'm the best don't you get it, forget it, when i spit it, its crazy,
you love it, admit it, you like it, i live it, its shady,
aftermath in your ass b****, if its not a classic,
when it's dumped, trash it, so i got it mastered,
stop and get your ass kicked, bastered, your misses get drastic,
glock made out of plastic, cock it and get blasted, run n**** and stash it...
chorus
verse 2
there is a genie in that bottle of that don pari'on,
i'm a drink till i get to that b**** in the morn,
introduce me to the booth they gonna listen to my words,
in the hood they feel my shit...
picture a perfect picture, picture me in the paper
picture me starting shit, picture me busting my gat,
picture police man dan gotta picture of that,
picture me being broke, picture me smokin a sack,
picture me comin up, picture me rich from rap,
picture me blowin up, now picture me going back,
to my momma basement to live, shit, picture that,
where i'm from its a fact, you gotta watch your back,
you wear a vest without a deck, use a target jack,
hastle hard, money stack, sell that dope, sell that crack,
sell that pack, sell that gat, sell that p****, crew are back,
50 cent, too much spent?, man i'm bent, i'm out'ta here
chorus
ha ha
man i aint going to jail
not even to visit a n****
you want to holla at me you wright me,
matter a fact, you gotta send it to sunset boulevard,
in montreal,
ha ha
riding around in one of dre's farrari's n****,
or matter a fact i might be in detroit,
riding down 8 mile road,
you know for one of them en joints and shit,
ha ha
ya heard, i got place to go man,
you know, shady aftermath,
we finished our print money,
puttin our faces on this motherf***in bill thug shit,
ha ha ha ha ha,"
"chaos kid
get up this morning, i'm feeling sleepy as all hell
went the use the bathroom when i tripped and i fell
all the way downstairs onto the couch
and i pissed my pants on the way down south
so i went back upstairs to change my underwear
took a while to get em unstuck from my pubic hair
finally got unzipped i went to put em down the street
but then i threw em in the garbage cause it all said pew
hopped in the shower put shampoo in my hair
went to rinse it out but then the water wasn't there
that damn toilet it must of went foul
got another bath to wipe the stuff up with the towel
went to get my clothes but i couldn't wear the wash
so i sat and played some mario on my nintendo
i was gonna see my girl but i forget that stuff man today
i just feel like a pooh butt
sometimes things just never go my way you know
i, i'm just feeling like a pooh butt today
chaos kid
now every single day i make habits to get up
but today i just feel like a pooh butt so ill stay in bed
i don't know whats wrong with me
i'm just taking everything nonchalantly
i just feel like i can't move one muscle
my girlfriend calls me up and tells me now we gotta hustle
my plane leaves to roll about quarter to 8
it's 7: 15 looks like i'm gonna be late
aww forget that baby said i just can't make it
i know you're disappointed but your gonna have to take it
i'm sick in bed i'm making  foot it
but before hung up the phone she told me where i could put it
comes next day i got a call from m&m he said
i said i ain't doin nothing i wish you nothing
but luck he said  i said i feel like a pooh but
sometimes things just never go my way you know
i, i'm just feelin like a pooh butt today
chaos kid
""yo you ever have one of those poohie
stinky ridiculous rotten days, m&m"" ""man i had one once check this out""
eminem
woke up, 6: 30 in the morning yawning
gotta get to the recording studio
i gotta get a take done put all my rhymes together
so i can make one get outta bed fall on my head
slipped on the rug i thought i was dead
cussin i think my head is busted
but it really nothing only a concussion shake it off
get off the ground look around
couldn't find my rhyme sheets where'd i put em down
they were just there last night on the chair
had to look everywhere but, couldn't find em anywhere
go to the basement might of misplaced em
gotta find em in hurry but my visions still blurry
goin down the stairs what could happen next
but, when its this early you can't skip steps
fallin head first as i fall i curse things are lookin bad
ima only get worse; aching i shake and i hurt
i stand up slowly wiped all the dirt off memory lapse
i can't remember nothing think ill collapse
if you forget the whole thing pause for a second
what was i looking for... oh yea my rhyme sheets
they might be on the floor or on the chair wait a minute
where am i i'm in a basement damn how does time fly
think for a second record my memory
if i were a rhyme sheet where would i be?
now i remember i put em in the closet next to my jacket
so i woulda never lost em
already 7 i've only got an hour to eat breakfast
get dressed plus take a shower got undressed
got the zest off the rack turn the water on
and i almost had a heart attack
cold as hell started to yell jumped out the shower
and said f*** it ill smell grabbed the towel off the rack
dried off got dressed still had to eat
but my hair was a mess i was in a rush
grabbed the brush and ran run into the door on the floor
i land always to fate now i know i'm curse
i think it might help if i open the door
first tried to turn the handle but i sprained my wrist
but thats what happens on a day like this
sometimes things just never go my way you know i
i'm just feelin like a pooh butt today
chaos kid
""wow, that sounds pretty poohie to me""
m&m
""now, i'm gonna break it down
for those who don't know what a pooh butt day is""
eminem
now a pooh butt day is something everybody's
had no particular depression neither mad or sad
you couldn't see your butt because your butt is what it is cause
when you're feeling like a pooh butt then your feeling like shit"
"yeah
so i guess this is what it is, huh?
think it's obvious
we ain't never gonna see eye to eye
but it's funny
as much as i hate you
i need you
this is music to be murdered by
got a premonition
i feel the end is near
the beauty starts to fade
the joy has turned to pain
i hear the symphony playin'
ten thousand violins
souls floating away like feathers in the wind
they said my last album i sounded bitter
no, i sound like a spitter
who ninety percent of
these hypocrites are tryna get rid of
but why would i get a chip on my shoulder?
i was considered, one time, as the illest
b****, i'm still as fly as your zipper
true, i just get richer
but if it was ever all about skrilla
then i woulda quit a long motherf***ing time ago
b****, shut the f*** up
i should go say that shit to tech n9ne or to jigga
nobody said shit about 2 chainz
as long as he's been here, shit
no wonder you're mad, now i'm
looking at them plaques, count 'em i'm ll cool j, bigger and deffer, that's how come i sell like four mil' when i put out a bad album revival flopped, came back and i scared the crap out 'em
but rolling stone stars, i get two and a half outta
five, and i'll laugh out loud
'cause that's what they gave bad back in the day
which actually made me not feel as bad now, 'cause
if it happened to james
it can happen to shady
they do the same shit to brady
more people hate me than love me
this game will make you go crazy
'bout to go for b r o k e
i was the g, the o a t
once i was played in rotation
at every radio station
they said i'm lyrically amazing
but i have nothing to say
but then when i put out revival and i had something to say
they said that they hated the awake me
i lose the rage, i'm too tame
i get it back, they say i'm too angry
i need to get me some dre beats
no, i should hook up with tay keith
fans keep on pulling me one way
haters pull me in another
got more hooks in me than swae lee
'bout to pick up some weights
and lift 'til my tattoo of hailie's face stretches
they said i'm just a whiner, i sound like a baby
i dish it out but can't take it
but i take it, dish it back out
and they get all bent out of shape
this shit's almost comical
wait, and i meant no disrespect
i wasn't dissin' tech
that was not a shot at 2 chainz or to jay z
they probably feel the same way because lately
instead of us being credited for longevity
and being able to keep it up for this long at this level, we
get told we'll never be what we were
b****, if i was as half as good as i was
i'm still twice as good as you'll ever be
only way that you're ahead of me's alphabetically
'cause if you diss me i'm coming after you like the letter v
killing everything, play this tune, it's your eulogy
it's your funeral, prepare to die
this is music for you to be murdered by"
"this is a public service announcement brought to you,
in part, by slim shady
the views and events expressed here are totally f***ed,
and are not necessarily the views of anyone.
however, the events and suggestions that appear
on this album are to be taken lightly
children should not partake in the listening
of this album with laces in their shoes.
slim shady is not responsible for your actions.
upon purchasing this album,
you have agreed not to try this at home.
anything else?
eminem: yeah,don't do drugs."
"announcer
this is another public service announcement brought to you
in part
by slim shady
eminem tell 'em i don't give a f***!
announcer
slim shady does not give a f***... what you think!
eminem tell 'em to suck it!
announcer
if you don't like it, you can suck his f***ing cock!
eminem tell 'em they kissed my ass
announcer
little did you know
upon purchasing this album, you have just kissed his ass!
eminem tell 'em i'm fed up
announcer
slim shady is fed up with your shit
and he's going to kill you!
eminem
yeah
announcer
uh... anything else?
eminem
yeah... sue me!"
"there i go  thinking of you again
you don't know how sick you make me
you make me f***in' sick to my stomach
every time i think of you, i puke
you must just not know oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ho
you may not think you do, but you do
every time i think of you, i puke. 
i was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem
but off of the dome would probably be a little more, more suitable, for this type of song, whoa
i got a million reasons off the top of my head that i can think a
sixteen bars this ain't enough to put some ink ta
so f*** it i'ma start right here i'll just be brief i'm
bout to rattle off some other reasons.
i knew i shouldn't go and get another tattoo, of you
on my arm but what do i go and do ?
i go and get another one, now i got two. hooooo. now
i'm sittin' here with your name on my skin
i can't believe i went and did this stupid shit again
my next girlfriend now her names gotta be kim
shiiiiiit!
if you only knew, how much i hated you
for every mother f***in thing you've ever put us through
then i wouldn't be standing here crying over you
booooo hoooo.
you don't know how sick you make me
you make me f***in' sick to my stomach
every time i think of you i puke
you must just not know  oh oh oh oh oh oh ho
you may not think you do, but you do
every time i think of you, i puke 
i was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter
but i thought a song would probably be a little better
instead of a letter
that you'd probably just shread up. yeah.
i stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think a
how much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink ta
a stupid piece a,paper.
i'd rather let you see how
much i f***in' hate you in a freestyle
you're a f***in' cokehead slut, i hope you f***in' die
i hope you get to hell and satan sticks a needle in your eye
i hate your f***in' guts, you f***in' slut i hope you die
diiieeee.
but please don't get me wrong, i'm not bitter or mad
it's not that i still love you it's not 'cause i want you back
it's just that when i think of you, it makes me wanna yack.aaaaaaaak.
but what else can i do? i haven't got a clue
now i guess i'll just move on, i have no choice but to
but every time i think of you now all i wanna do
is puuukke!
you don't know how sick you make me
you make me f***in' sick to my stomach
every time i think of you i puke
you must just not know oh oh oh oh oh oh ho
you may not think you do
but you do every time i think of you, i puke"
"chorus: eminem
i've been so many places
i've seen so many faces
but nothing compares
to these blue and yellow purple pills
i climbed the highest mountain
once or twice but who's countin'
but nothing compares
to these blue and yellow purple pills
cool, calm, just like my mom
with a couple of law suits inside her palms
it's mr. mischief with a trick up his sleeve
crawl up on you like christopher reeves
i can't describe the vibe i get
when i drive by 6 people
and 5 i hit
ah shit
i started a mosh pit
squashed a chick
and lost the foster kids
this room makes me hallucinate
then i sweat till i start losing weight
till i see dumb shit start happenin'
dumber than vanilla ice tryin' to rap again
so bounce, bounce, c'mon bounce
i said c'mon bounce
everybody in the house doin' mass amounts
to the women in the thongs with they asses out
we don't bullshit, better ask around
d12 throws the bomb to gas your town
bizarre, your mom is crashing now
help me get her on the couch 'fore she passes out
f*** that, someone help denaun
he's upstairs wrestling with elton john
hey von, you see me steppin' on these leprechauns?
it gotta be tums the ex lax is gone
yeah i took 'em all down with some parmesian
and i think my arm is gone
yo, it's probably numb
dumb dumb and fulla cum
and i think he 'bout to swallow his tongue
you scary ass it was a false alarm
you think i'm about to die when i just got on?
so stop acting stupid
you so high that you might wake up with a guy
on some new shit i think i did too much
i think i got the runs
rolaids, pepto, and tums
watch out here it comes!
chorus: eminem
dirty dozen
80 of us
shady brothers
ladies love us
that's why our baby mothers
love us but they hate each other
they probably wanna take each other out
and date each other
some , something, something, something
something, something, something, something
hop pills
hills i hop
hop 2 pills
on stilts i walk
snort two lines that were filled with chalk
thought i was incredible and killed the hulk
i wanna roll away
like a rollerblade
until my eyes roll back in my skull for days
and when i'm old and gray
i'm a go for broke
no oki dok
pack up my nose with soap
am i supposed to choke?
had an accident when the trojan broke
ahh, poor baby
born by whore lady
now i'm payin' child support
i take four shots at one time
and i don't need a chase when i'm swallowing mine
you got any room
in bizarre's hatch back
we can't go far
cuz the car has flats
why the hell you people think i rap?
because my mother taught me
how to breach contracts
and if you got cash
then hide it soon
i'm just tryin' to get by like you
and i don't give a damn if you find me rude
mean, crude, the hell with you too
i only need three blunts then i'm cool
i just got some and i'm going back soon
chorus: eminem
i'm at rave
looking at a babe
like she want it
gin and tonic demonic
body smelt like vomit
looney, crazy, chubby, sexy, dopey headed guy
whipped cream, dirty mattresses
wanna try?
blue hills, golden seals
got bizarre actin' ill
drugs kill chick i'm for real
shut your mouth you dirty girl
you know you want me in your world
ladies, please don't fight
bizarre's here all night!!!
chorus:
dirty dozen
80 of us
shady brothers
ladies love us
that's why our baby mothers
love us but they hate each other
they probably wanna take each other out
and date each other
some , something, something, something
something, something, something, something"
"yo.. i dedicate to this.. to yo..
to all my fans, keepin y'all in health
let's tell this whitey ford to go f*** himself
cause it's cruel when you cause a bad heart conditionin
which i create, cause that's my mission
so listen close, to what we say
because this type of f** claims to never be g**, i..
.. knew you was jealous from the day that i met you
i upset you, cause i get respect i pet you i'm even liked better by your niece and nephew and now you hate fred because lethal left you
peckerwood mad cause his record went wood
no respect in the hood, fled to his neck of the woods
got in touch with his roots, found the redneck in his
blood
and said, ""heck, country western rap records are good!!""
so he picks the guitar up and he strums a few notes
he can't rap, or sing, but he wants to do both puts an album out and rules for part of the year
then kid rock and limp bizkit come
from
out of nowhere
it's the start of an era, rock rap's harder this year
no one's tryin to hear some f***in old fart in a chair
sittin on stage, strummin acoustic guitar in your ear
so you start to get scared, sit back and spark an
idea
figure you can diss me to jump start your career
i punch you in your f***in chest 'til your heart kicks in gear and f*** your underground buddy's nameless crew
like i'ma say they
names
so they can be famous too
you just a.. quitter, and you bitter cause i came along
and the days of house of pain are gone
and if you talk about my little girl in a song again
i'ma kill you 
yo.. heart attack to stroke
from
the crack you smoke
to the rap you wrote, your f***in answer back's a joke
and i'ma tell these motherf***in fans the truth
the reason why you dissed me first and i answered you
you said i passed you in a lobby and i glanced at you
like i ain't notice you? b****, i had a show to do!
like i'm supposed to be star struck, come over to you
you better shut your f***in mouth while you oh for two
back in ninety four limp opened the show for you
rocked the crowd better and stole the whole show from you
took your motherf***in dj and stole him too
so you fall in a slump and get all emotional
so now you sing and mix slang with blues and pluck strings
confused as f*** cause now your
music
sucks d***
mr. mr. ass kisser to get accepted in rap
quicker but never last, and everlast is a..
aight listen so this is what we ask of our fans
if you ever see everlast, whoop his ass
hit him with sticks, bricks, rocks, throw shit at him
kick him, spit on him, treat him like a hoe, b**** slap him
do it for me, do it for fred, do it for limp
do it for rock, do it for rap, do it for kid
do it for ice t, do it just to do it, f*** it
he's a b****, he ain't gon' hit you back, he's nothin!
shit in five years we'll all be ""eating at whitey's""
and he'll be bussin tables in that b****, cleanin the toilets
aiyyo.. f*** this, cut this shit off
aiyyo head, that's why i f***ed your mother you fat motherf***er!
kill whitey!   hahaha
kill whitey!   detroit! what? what?
kill whitey!   .. yo, yo
kill whitey!   haha! look
first off, f*** your songs and the shit you say
diss my wife, but at least i got a b****, you g**
you claim to be a muslim but you irish white
so f*** you fat boy, drop the mic, let's fight
plus i punch you in the chest, weak hearts i rip
whitey ford, forty and white, lethargic ass d***head
i keep 'em comin while you runnin out of breath
steady duckin while i'm punchin at your chest, you need to rest
dilated, go ask your people how i leave ya
with your three cd's, nobody sees, when they released
evidence, don't f*** around with
real
mc's
who ain't ready for no underground beef, so f*** geeks
i let you f*****s know it's on for life
but everlast might die tonight, haha
fat boy murdered on wax and killed
f*** with me and take a heart pill, you know!
grab 380's when you see slim shady
call the doctor to heal your heart
they shocked you back to life at the clinic
but you 'bout to get relapsed any minute
honkey, i hit 'em up!
hahaha, yo
check
this out
you f*****s ain't even on my level
i'ma let d 12 ride on you b**** made ass f*****s!
yo! get out the way yo, get out the way yo
whitey ford's heart just stopped
eminem shocked him back, he had another heart attack
whitey ford's gettin his ass floored for talkin back
little f***** hamburgular, i show you where the burgers are
at your own restaraunt, while i'm servin ya
drop and stomp your whole heart 'til it stops
call the cops, i'ma beat your ass while they watch
ha ha, now we got the whole industry makin fun of you erik
where's your house of pain now? there's only one of you erik
you a petty coward, you ain't ready to steady go a round
with some killers from 7 mile to the motherf***in belle isle bridge
got in his ass and now this f***** wanna mention me still
this ain't no freestyle battle everlast gettin killed
with his chest open
tryin to throw a f***in punch, but you just chokin
havin a stroke and now you learn why crackers never earned a dime
cause you suck motherf***er you should learn to rhyme
talkin 'bout you packin pistols but it's funny to me
you ain't never been in trouble, you just wanna be me
i'm a paleface killer whale
on his way to f***in prison, pistol whippin tail, ha
erik remember when i passed you in the lobby that day?
that shit was obvious you probably was g**, ha
now it's all about country, you gave up hip hop
forty nine thousand copies, the week your shit drop
while my
sales
makin records break
two and a half million scanned by the second week
motherf***er i hit 'em up!
i'm from detroit's pemberton ave., where bullets tear you in half
f*** the music, we got an uzi for all you f**s
get the shit out of our stereo, dilated you violated
now you 'bout to get annihilated, we gon' bury you
iriscience get choked up and yoked up
all you underground b****es get your throats cut
what the f***?! is you stupid?
i choke whitey ford with his f***in guitar cord
and
stuff
him in cardboard, chopped up in a box
with sixteen parts, i stomped on his heart
d 12, amityville, f*** your mother while you watch
keep your restaraunt locked and block your door
cause we ""hit 'em up"" like motherf***in tupac shakur
you a, ""black jesus,"" heart attack seizures
too many cheeseburgers mcdonald's big mac greases
white devil, washed up honkey
mixed up cracker who crossed over to country
yo, aiyyo cut this shit off
f*** him, that's it, i'm done, i promise, i'm done, that's it
i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i'm sorry, i promise
i just believe in kickin a man while he's down
god damn! i quit
mention my daughter's name in a song again you f***in punk"
"some days i just wanna up and call it quits
i feel like im surrounded by a wall of bricks
everytime i go to get up, i just fall in pits
my life's likes one great big ball of sh*t
if i could just, put it all in the all i spit
instead of always trying to swallow it
instead of staring at this wall and sh*t
while i sit, writers block, sick of all this sh*t
cant call it sh*t, all i know is im about to hit the wall
if i have to see another one of mom’s alcoholic fits
this is it, last straw, that’s all, that’s it
i aint dealing with another f*ckin politic
im like a skillet bubbling until it filters up
im about to kill it, i can feel it building up
blow this building up, i’ve concealed enough
my cup runneth over, i dun filled it up,
the pen explodes and busts, ink spills my guts
you think all i do is stand here and feel my nuts,
well imma show you what, you gonna feel my rush
you don’t feel it, then it must be too real to touch
p, im about to tear sh*t up
goosebumps, yeah, imma make your hairs sit up
yeah sit up, imma tell you who i be
imma make you hate me, cos you aint me
you wait, it aint too late to finally see
what you closed minded f*cks, what you blind to see
whoever finds me is gonna get a finders fee
out this world, aint no one out there mind as me
u need peace of mind? here’s a piece of mine
all i need’s a line,
but sometimes i don’t always find the words to rhyme
to express how im really feeling at that time, yea
sometimes, sometimes, sometimes
just sometimes, it’s always me
how dark can these hallways be?
the clock strikes midnight, one, two, then half past three
this half assed rhyme, with this half assed piece of paper,
im desperate at my desk
if i could just get the rest of this sh*t off my chest again
stuck in a slum, can't think of nothing
f*ck im stuck, but wait, here comes something
nope, not good enough, scribble it out, new pad,
drink a lid up and throw the sh*t out
im fizzling out, thought i figured it out
ball’s in my court, but im scared to dribble it out
im afraid, but why am i afraid, why am i a slave to this trade?
sign that i spit to the grave, real enough to rowl you up
want me to flip it, i can rip it any style you want
ima switch, hit a b*tch, jimmy smith aint a quitter
ima sit it here till i get enough of me to finally hit
a f*cking boiling point, put some oil on your joints,
flip the coin b*tch, come get destroyed,
an emcees worst dream, i make em jinx,
they hate me, see me and shake like a changling fence,
by the looks of em you would swear that jaws was comin,
by the screams of him, you would swear im sawwin someone,
by the way they running, you would swear the law was comin,
its now or never, and tonight its all or nothing,
mama jimmy keeps leaving on us, he said hed be back,
he pinky promised, i dont think hes honest,
ill be back baby, i just gotta beat this clock
f*ck this clock, ima make them eat this watch,
dont believe me watch, ima win this race,
and ima come back and rub my sh*t in your face b*tch,
i found my nitch, you gunna hear my voice,
till ur sick of it, you aint gunna have a choice,
if i gotta scream till i have half a lung,
if i have half a chance ill grab it, rabbit run..."
"yeah
definitely, definitely
definitely dawg
definitely, definitely k mart
yeah, yeah
you find me offensive? i find you offensive
for finding me offensive
hence if i should draw a line on any fences
if so to what extense if
any, should i go?
'cause it's getting expensive
being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive
they say i cause extensive psychological nerve damage
to the brain when i go to lengths this
far at other people's expenses
i say you're all just too god damn sensitive, it's censorship
and it's down right blasphemous
listen to shit now 'cause i won't stand for this
and chirs stiff pher reeves won't sit for this neither
and let's clear this up too i ain't got no beef with him either
he used to be like a hero to me
i even believe i, had one of those 25 cent stickers on my re frigerator
right next to darth vader
and darth musta put a hex on him for later
i feel like it's my fault 'cause of the way that
i stuck him up in between him and lex luther
i killed superman, i killed super man
and how ironic, that i'd be the bad guy
kryptonite, the green chronic
chorus
'cause i ain't got no legs, or no brain
nice to meet you
hi, my name is...
i forgot my name!
my name was not to become
what i became with this level of fame
my soul is possessed by this devil
my new name is.... rain man
now in the bible it says
thou shall not watch two lesbians in bed
have homosexual sex
unless of course you were given the consent to join in
then of course, it's intercourse
and it's bi sexual sex
which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions
either before, during or after performing the act of that which
is normally referred to have such, more commonly known phrases
that are more used by today's kids
in a more derogatory way but
who's to say, what's fair to say, and what not to say?
let's ask dr. dre
dr. dre? i gotta question if i may? is it g**, to play putt putt golf with a friend and watch his butt butt when he tees off? but, but i ain't done yet
in football the quarterback yells out hutt hutt
while he reaches in another grown man's ass
grabs on his nuts but just what if
it was never meant it was just an accident
but he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in
his teeny tiny little round hiney and he didn't mean it
but his little weenie flinched just a little bit
and i don't mean to go in into anymore details but
what if he pictured it as a females butt?
is that g**? i just need to clear things up
till then i'll just walk around with a manly strut because...
chorus
you find me offensive? i find you offensive
shit, this is the same verse i just did this
when am i gonna come to my good senses?
probably the day bush comes to my defenses
my spider senses telling me spiderman is nearby
and my plan is to get him next
and open up a whip ass canister
god damn it dre where is the god damn beat? anyway, anyway i don't know how else to put it
this is the only thing that i'm good at
i am the bad guy, kryptonite, the green chronic
demonic, yep yep, don't worry i'm on it
i got it, high five nick lachey
stuck a pen in jessica's head and walked away
and she blew around the room like a balloon a
grabbed the last can of chicken tuna out the trash can and screw my
head is straight back to the neverland ranch
with a peanut butter, jelly, chicken, tuna sandwich
and i don't gotta make no god damn sense
i just did a whole song and i didn't say shit
chorus
'cause iahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
yo, rain man
definitely, definitely dr. dre
super dope, beat maker, two thousand and
two thousand four hundred and eighty seven million
nine hundred and sev' seventy three thousand four hundred and sixty three
and seventy 
by marcella"
" the rap game
hip hop 1 0 1
the hardest 9 to 5 you will ever have
you can’t learn this shit in no history book
you ready to rap mothaf***er?
you ready to sell your soul… gheh gheh gheh
`the rap game` ...motherf***er
 i’m a disruptive n****. you made me crazy
you should a slayed me as a baby
behavin shadier than wes craven
and you aint even gotta pay me
i take pleasure of layin a n**** down daily
you face me drunk of sober. you’ll faint fast
i’m never f***ed up to where i can’t whoop your ass
your neck will get snapped wit bear hands f*** music
is he rappin is cool but fool don’t confuse it
what happens these dudes get rude and then i lose it
im scantlas
i blow your two kids off the atlas
with a gat that’s bigger
then godzilla’s back n****
you are not real and in fact
your fruity effect of a crack dealer
yall president sends me smack
den got a mack 10 wit it
so i aint gotta rap
but im thankful for that
dont mistaken me black
or u be stankin in back of a f***in caddillac
i’ma get snuffed
cause i aint said enough to pipe down
i pipe down when the white house is whipped out
when i see that lil cheany dike get snipped out
lights out b**** adios goodnight
now put that in your lil pipe and bite down
think for a minute cause the hype has died down
that i wont go up in the oval office right now
and flip whatever ain’t tied down upside down
i’m all for america, f*** the government
tell that c. doloris tucker slut to suck a d***
mutha f***er duck what the f*** son of a b****
take away my gun and i’m a tuck some other shit
cant tell me shit about the tricks of this trade
switch blade with a lil switch to switch blades
switch from a 6 to a 16 inch blade
shits like a samurai sword a sensei
shit just don’t change to this day
im this way still till i utslay itchbay
ucksay my ickday
scuse my igpay atinlay
but uckfay a igpay
 this rap game
this rap game
i aint sellin my soul for this rap game
i aint digging a whole for this rap game
but im telling ya no it aint happ ning
this rap game
this rap game
i aint sellin my soul for this rap game
i aint digging a whole for this rap game
this rap game
this rap game
 i bet you rather me drink n drown in my own eniquity
but f*** that ima rap till u all get sick of me
and clutch my nut sack and spit on who pick on me
im hittin a rock next f*** a dogg who sickin me
im sayin you mutha f***ers dont know and quit playin
if im broke then im brakin open the place where you layin
you know, same shit every n**** done in his life
i lived it thats why i speak on what i want when i write
so why... should i... ever fear another man
if he bleed like i bleed take a piss an he stand
ok, you win... you can say we cant rap
but no source never mean we aint buyin on what they say is wack
i walk in the party and just start bustin
right after i hear the last verse im self destruction
this liquor make me wanna blast the chrome
to let you know that time without more is getting jerome
im low down and shifty, quickly called swifty
to do a drive by on a 10 speed with ""50""
you feelin lucky? squeeze
i catch you outside of chucky cheese
well just see, who be an unlucky g
my life style is unstable, a partyin attic
they said no fighting in the club so i brought me a matic
coughin estatic, i jump n****s call me a rabbit
popin a tablet, and guns that saw you in half
beleive me. we run this rap shit fo shizzie
make makin millions look easy
every where ya turn you see me
you hear me. believe me
for ya see my pistol in 3 d
no time to call a peace treaty
dial 9 1 1 cause u need de
police to help you believe me
i snatch the tounge from the sidewalk and piss on the curb
this is absurb
these street n****s twistin my words
we finally could
say goodbye to hollywood
cause proof an shaun
share nuttin in common
the nastyest band
with gats in each hand
we never bomb down to be a flash and a pan
no remorse
f*** you stature dog
nuttin to do wit hands when i clap at yall
put ya jaw on the ground
wit the 4 and a pound
im goin out of town
for the long come around
so we can battle wit raps
so we can battle wit gats
matter fact we can battle wit plaques
this rap game
i'm too f***in r*****ed
i dont give a f*** about my d*** thats why im dating loraina bobbet
my crew had an argument
who was the largest
now they all is dead
and im rolling as a solo artist
plus i made all the beats and wrote all the raps
well i really didnt
but i did according to this contract
i was stoned in the snow
wit no where to go
freezin 20 below
forced to join bail tip dafoe
my little girl she shouldnt be listening to these lyrics
thats why i glued the headphones to her ear to make sure she hear it
if rap dont work, im starting a group wit garth brooks 50 sing the hook
 this rap game
this rap game
i aint sellin my soul for this rap game
i aint digging a whole for this rap game
and im telling ya no it aint happ ning
this rap game
this rap game
i aint sellin my soul for this rap game
i aint digging a whole for this rap game
this rap game
this rap game"
"most people don't see how much work is really involved
in this rap shit
i didn't know it
i didn't see it
i never saw it until i was actually in it
you really gotta be in it
to understand what its like
but you always gotta
people always gotta see your smile
you always gotta put on that fake
you know what i'm sayin
no matter what u just been through
so you wanna be a rap superstar
and live large a big house
5 cars, you're in charge
comin up in the world
don't trust nobody
gotta look over your shoulder constantly
i remember the days when i was a young kid growin up
lookin in the mirror dreamin about blowin up
to rock crowds make money
chill wit the honies
sign autographs and whatever the people want from me
shits funny
how impossible cream manifest in the games that be comin with it
never the less you gotta go for the gusto
but you don't know about the blood sweat and tears
and losin some of your peers
and losin some of your self
music has past gone by
hopefully you don't manifest for the wrong guy
egomaniac in the brainiac
don't know how to act
shits deep
48 tracks
studio gangsta mack
sign a deal emcees wanna make a mill
but never will
till he crosses over still
feelin no hate
but fantasies come wit these
just to sacrifice the taste of makin cheese
you wanna be a rap superstar in the biz
and take shit from people who don't know what it is
i wish it was all fun and games
but the price of fame is high
and some can't pay to play
trapped in what you rappin about
tell me what happened when you lost clout
the rout you took started collapsing
no fans
no fame
no respect
no change
no women
and everyone shits on your name
so you wanna be a rap superstar
and live large
a big house
5 cars
the rent charged
comin up in the world don't trust nobody
gotta look over your shoulder constantly
to be a rap superstar
and live large
a big house
5 cars
the rent charged
comin up in the world don't trust nobody
gotta look over your shoulder constantly
when you sign to a record label
you don't know you sign your life over
and these witheboys don't care about you
cuz the minute you fall off
they'll find another noreaga
and they'll find another capone n noreaga
and they'll find another b real
so you need to just keep
stack your chips up
do what you gotta do while your hot
and maf***in get out the game
stick to the drug game
and the drug game is even worse
because if someone jerks you
you can shoot em and kill me
but in this game if someone jerks you
you gotta be humble
no matter what you just been through
shit has gotta be right
you gotta approach people
you gotta be on the up and up
and everything gotta be all good
when you see someone slap hands with em
you know what i'm sayin give em a pound
or whatever it is
but you always gotta act like it ain't shit
my own son don't know me
sittin up in the hotel room lonley
but i thank god i'm wit my homies
but sometimes i wish i was back home
but only no radio or videos
cuz they show me no love
the phony gotta hit the road slowly
so the record gets pushed by sony
i'm in the middle like monie
and the press say that
my own people disowned me
and the best way back
is to keep your head straight
never inflate the cranium
your crew worried about them honies at the paladium
who just wanna cling on swing on
and so on and go on and fall off
the hoes fall off
to the next rap superstar
wit no shame give him a year
and they'll be right out the game
the same as the last one
who came before him
gained fame
started gettin ignored
i warned him
assured him
this ain't easy take it from weezy
sleezy people wanna be cheesey
they talkin evil"
"i bust in, devilish grin, disgustin'
asshole, freckled cheeks and a butt chin
calling all party animals, get on the floor
when i pop up on some whac a mole shit
in search of a chick who stacked them so thick
and implants are so big
she can hang me up on that rack, big ol' tits
like anna nicole smith
bodies bananas and sass to go wit'
i spot you at first glance and go, ""shit""
you wearin' those pants that don't fit
that butt won't ever give up
that's why you stick it out no matter what
'cause you got an ass that won't quit
so, get on the horn, my saxophone
grab hold of my instrument, get a grasp, and blow
you just laugh and go heehee
'cause you're just as nasty so that's appropriate
that's why
i love you, 'cause you remind me of me
that's why i love you, 'cause you're like me i said i love you, 'cause remind me of me
that's why i love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty 
you know, i'm wearin' a new shirt tonight too, yo
with me on it
i'm lookin' at your tight rear like a sightseer
your booty is heavy duty, like diarrhea
the plan's to bring you to my house
you're drinkin' jack and beam
i'm thinking soon as trampolines so we should bounce
but you're out of your tube top
if you're thinking that mi casa es su casa
yeah, you're a cute fox
perfect ten so back that up like a moonwalk
girl, you're smoking like snoop dogg
but you must be token if you think you're taking over my quarters
there goes the dime into the jukebox
two shots of blue hpnotiq and soon i'll
turn this brouha to a barroom brawl
so hit scratch on the break like the cue ball
turn the volume all the way up on your boombox
and excuse the locker room talk, i'm just too raw
but apparently, so are you, ma
'cause you just kicked me in the balls and told me to screw off
and that's why
i love you, 'cause you remind me of me
that's why i love you, 'cause you're like me i said i love you, 'cause you remind me of me
that's why i love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty 
said can i take you home, where we can be alone
shawty, you the shit
girl, i ordered you to sit
i know you're probably feeling me more than you admit
pull up a chair, sweetie, let me order you a drink
i only go to meetings court ordered from a shrink
from the bottom to the top, floor to ceiling
you ain't run of the mill, you're one in a million
'cause real tits are still fun
but everybody knows fake tits are still better than real ones
so come and spend the night with the guy most are terrified of
but tonight, curiosity overrides ya
besides ya fire like a starter pistol
crystal and slides huns, tonight i'm your pilot
'cause you should be up in the sky, girl, you're so f***ing fly
you belong in the mile high club
so come on baby, the night's young
don't string me along, i'm highstrung
we might wind it up, unbound like we're trying for the cy young
f***in' 'fore we get to the house, screwin' our brains out
like changing a lightbulb
that's why i like ya, 'cause i'm crazy just like ya
now every time i get brain, you screw mine up
i barely can think straight, your head game is a mindf***
so ready, set, aim, and fire
yes babe, i'm fallin' in likeness kinda
why i love
i love you, 'cause you remind me of me
that's why i love you, 'cause you're like me i said i love you, 'cause you remind me of me
that's why i love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty "
"damn girl
you drive me crazy
you may be crazy too
you make me do things
i normally wouldn't do
you make me feel things
that i never felt
it gotta be the real thing
'cause you remind me of myself"
"motherf***ers  
say that i'm foolish i only talk about jewels do you fools listen to music or do you just skim
through it?
see i'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
that same dude you gave nothin, i made somethin doin
what i do through and through and
i give you the news   with a twist it's just his
ghetto point of view
the renegade; you been afraid
i penetrate pop culture, bring 'em a lot closer to the
block where they
pop toasters, and they live with they moms
got dropped roasters, from botched robberies n****z
crotched over
mommy's knocked up cause she wasn't watched over
knocked down by some clown when child support knocked
no he's not around   now how that sound to ya, jot it
down
i bring it through the ghetto without ridin 'round
hidin down duckin strays from frustrated youths stuck
in they ways
just read a magazine that f***ed up my day
how you rate music that thugs with nothin relate to
it?
i help them see they way through it   not you
can't step in my pants
can't walk in my shoes
bet everything you worth; you lose your tie and your
shirt
since i'm in a position to talk to these kids and they
listen
i ain't no politician but i'll kick it with 'em a
minute
cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits
i'll wear it
but if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin
and bear it
now who's these king of these rude ludicrous lucrative
lyrics
who could inherit the title, put the youth in
hysterics
usin his music to steer it, sharin his views and his
merits
but there's a huge interference   they're sayin you
shouldn't hear it
maybe it's hatred i spew, maybe it's food for the
spirit
maybe it's beautiful music i made for you to just
cherish
but i'm debated disputed hated and viewed in america
as a motherf***in drug addict   like you didn't
experiment?
now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in
the mirror
and see yourself as a kid again, and you get
embarrased
and i got nothin to do but make you look stupid as
parents
you f***in do gooders   too bad you couldn't do good
at marriage!
 and do you have any clue what i had to do to
get here i don't
think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to
the stereo
cause here we go   he's {*jigga joint
jigga chk jigga*}
and i'm the sinister, mr. kiss my ass it's just the
 renegade! never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
cause i'm a renegade! never been afraid to talk
about anything  anything ,
renegade!
 never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
cause i'm a  never been afraid to holler
about anything  anything 
i had to hustle, my back to the wall,
ashy knuckles
pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent
gotta vent, lot of innocent of lives lost on the
project bench
whatchu hollerin? gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
by the bodega, iron under my coat, feelin braver
doo rag wrappin my waves up,
pockets full of hope
do not step to me   i'm awkward,
i box leftier often
my pops left me an orphan,
my momma wasn't home
could not stress to me i wasn't grown;
'specially on nights
i brought somethin home to quiet the stomach rumblings
my demeanor   thirty years my senior
my childhood didn't mean much, only raisin green up
raisin my fingers to critics;
raisin my head to the sky
big i did it   multi before i die no lie, just know i chose my own fate
i drove by the fork in the road and went straight
see i'm a poet to some, a regular modern day
shakespeare
jesus christ the king of these latter day saints here
to shatter the picture in which of that as they paint
me
as a monger of hate, satanist, scatter brained atheist
but that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste
we as a people decide if shady's as bad as they say he
is
or is he the latter   a gateway to escape?
media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today
see it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin dixie
while i'm wavin the pistol at sixty christians against
me
go to war with the mormons, take a bath with the
catholics
in holy water   no wonder they try to
hold me under longer
i'm a motherf***in spiteful, delightful eyeful
the new ice cube   motherf***ers hate to like you
what did i do?  i'm just a kid from the gutter
makin this butter off these bloodsuckers, cause i'm a
muh'f***in"
"like leo in the revenant
bible in that bible bit
revenge is sweet isn't it?
i really, reall hope ofr it
i know that it won't fix a thing
a song like this that i could sing for you
all the feels you make me do
a mightmare f***ing coming true
i wish i was a lawyer, i would sue you, sue you
take your dog, take your house
take your shoes, take your heart
here comes that singing part
i'm daydreaming
let me count the ways
how i'll get you, or how i'll make you pay
babe, i'm hurting and now you'll feel the same
that's my plan
that's my plan
that's my plan
we could do revenge, revenge, revenge, revenge
together, together, together
we could take revenge, revenge, revenge
revenge is sweet
we could do revenge revenge, revenge, revenge
together, together, together
we could take revenge, revenge, revenge
revenge is sweet
well here's where girlfriends come in hand
especially those that understand
crime's a crime but listen man
really cannot give a damn
we've all been through this kind of thing
say the word we make it sting for him
he can't just get away with it
eye for eye you piece of shit
you treat us like a garbage pit
let me at him, wait for it, wait for it
here comes that singing part
i'm daydreaming
let me count the ways
how i'll get you, or how i'll make you pay
babe, i'm hurting and now you'll feel the same
that's my plan
that's my plan
that's my plan
we could do revenge, revenge, revenge, revenge
together, together, together
we could take revenge, revenge, revenge
revenge is sweet
we could do revenge revenge, revenge, revenge
together, together, together
we could take revenge, revenge, revenge
revenge is sweet
well in the beginning we felt like we was meant to be
i fell for you and skinned my knee, but hell with any injury
eventually you'll get up gingerly
it feels like it'll take a century to heal, but just know that i will
but f*** trying to make amends
i'd rather take revenge
you're stickin' safety pins inside my atrium
your day begins at 8pm
you hit the atm in my mercedes benz
with all your lady friends
whores hit the club and you go out don't know a sum
'cause when i calculate the times
you cheated and total up all the amounts
it doesn't add up
'cause you say that just giving out your number
doesn't count
then see me with someone new get mad and flip it
look bad you spin it
first you turn your back on me then tell me
that i stabbed you in it
stabbed you in it slut so when you're driving
driving to his house
and you pass me while i'm driving to hers, just remember
you cheated on me first
you're a whore, you're a whore this is war
we could do revenge, revenge, revenge, revenge
together, together, together
we could take revenge, revenge, revenge
revenge is sweet
we could do revenge revenge, revenge, revenge
together, together, together
we could take revenge, revenge, revenge
revenge is sweet"
"yeah, yeah... yeah, yeah, yeah
 marshall
 i don't have one
my mother reproduced like a komodo dragon
and had me on the back of a motorcycle
then crashed in the side of loco motive with rap
i'm loco
it's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun
michelangelo with a paint gun
in a tantrum
bout to explode all over the canvas
back with the yoda of rap in a spasm
your music usually has them
but waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasn't
follow you must, rick rubin my little padawan
a jedi in training, colossal brain
and, thoughts are entertainin'
but docile and impossible to explain and, i'm also vain and
probably find a way to complain
about a picasso painting
puke skywalker, but sound like
chewbacca when i talk
full of such blind rage i need a seein' eye dog
can't even find the page
i was writing this rhyme on
oh it's on a rampage, couldn't see
what i wrote i write small
it says ever since i drove a '79 lincoln with white walls
had a fire in my heart
and a dire desire to aspire, to die hard
so as long as i'm on the clock
punching this time card
hip hop ain't dying on my watch
but sometimes, when i'm sleepin'
she comes to me in my dreams
is she taken, is she mine?
don't got time, don't care, don't have two shits to give
let me take you by the hand to, promise land
and threaten everyone
'cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing
 marshall
 i don't know him, but i wonder
 ha
(has he taken, any time
to show you what you need to live?)
no, if he had, he wouldn't have ended up
in these rhymes on my pad
i wouldn't be so mad, my attitude wouldn't be so bad
yeah dad
i'm the epitome and the prime example of what happens
when the power of the rhyme falls into the wrong hands
and makes you want to get up
and start dancin', even if it is charles manson
who just happens, to be rapping, blue lights flashing
laughing all the way to the bank
lamping in my k mart mansion
i'm in the style department
with a pile in my cart, ripping the aisle apart with
great power comes absolutely no responsibility, for content
completely, despondent and condescending
the king of nonsense
and controversy is on a, beat killing spree
your honor, i must plead guilty
'cause i sparked a, revolution, rebel without a cause
who caused the evolution of rap
to take it to the next level, boost it
but several rebuked it, and whoever produced it
 is that me
it belongs to me?
cause i just happen to be
a white honky devil with two horns
that don't honk but every time i speak you, hear a beep
but lyrically i never hear a peep, not even a whisper
rappers better stay clear of me, b****, cause it's the
it's the time of the season, when hate runs high
and this time, give it to you easy
when i take back what's mine with pleasured hands
and torture everyone, that is my plan
my job here isn't done
cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing
 shady
 i don't give a f***, but i wonder
 doubt it, ha
so yeah, dad let's walk, let's have us a father and son talk
but i bet we probably wouldn't get one block
without me knockin' your block off
this is all your fault
maybe that's why i'm so bananas
i appeal to all those walks of life
whoever had strife
maybe that's what dad and son talks are like
cause i, related to the struggles of young america
when their f***ing parents were unaware of their troubles
now they're ripping out their f***ing hair again
it's hysterical
i chuckle, 'cause everybody
bloodies their bare knuckles, yeah uh oh
better beware knuckleheads
the sign of my hustle says don't knock
the doors broken, it won't lock
it might just fly open, get cold cocked
you critics come to pay me a visit
misery loves company, please stay a minute
kryptonite to a hypocrite
zip your lip if you dish it but can't take it
too busy getting stoned in your glass house to kick rocks
then you wonder why i lash out
mister mathers as advertised on the flyers
so spread the word
'cause i'm promoting my passion til i'm passed out
completely brain dead rainman
going a bankhead in a restraint chair
so b****, if you shoot me a look it better be a blank stare
or get shanked in the pancreas
i'm angrier than all eight other reindeer
put together with chief keef
cause i hate every f***ing thing, yeah
even this rhyme, b****
and quit tryna look for a f***in' reason for it that ain't there
but i still am a criminal
ten year old degenerate grabbing on my genitals
the last mathers lp that went diamond
this time i'm predicting this one will go emerald
when will the madness end
how can it when there's no method to the pad and pen
the only message that i have to send is
dad, i'm back at it again, yeah"
"first word, excrimate
exclimate, is that what you said?
my next defense, against these extra men
who try to step to me and wanna have sex again
you little sickass, iâ€™ll spray you with gasoline
they try to jack me off with vaseline
my ass is clean, i smash your spleen
when i crash the scene
with a cell phone, now who the hell is home?
yâ€™all canâ€™t tell paul how to throw me words
cause animal crackers is what i do when i eat mcâ€™s like a cannibal backwards
ha ha, i got it, thatâ€™s not it
fake rappers get spotted
like broken headphones, you head home, you speed home
you get your head blown, rappers try to step, they speak in the dead tones
so i ainâ€™t trying to hear them, give me another, word to your mother
stretch armstrong, my brother, coming with rhymes every time that i be drumming
running with this shit when i kick mcâ€™s in the stomach
and star wars, this carâ€™s a taurus
yo, how many bars we hit tonight, cause iâ€™m drunk off
off peanut butter, you see my d*** and you start to stutter
start to utter, words that you shouldnâ€™t utter
cause mark whalberg is a small turd, and iâ€™ma step on him like dogshit
a fore fist, so rappers just get off it, i come across with
with pulp fiction, yo iâ€™ll eat you like a big gulp addiction
like slurpees, got herpes, got a head a piece, rest my anisesgot brain damage, iâ€™m dumber than brain madnessthereâ€™s mayonnaise on this, i need a plain sandwich
hurry up, give me one, rappers wanna step to this, they give me none
with fresh vegetables, my testicles are hanging off to the left of you
youâ€™re bisexual, and thereâ€™s a guy next to you, standing, rappers know that i
be 
preparation h, you didnâ€™t even let me finish my rhyme
just shut up for one more time, while i just jime, on this
microphone, cause iâ€™ma be honest, any mc who tries to step to this
iâ€™m making you a promise, that what? give me a word
that nostradamus is blowing up your house, killing your foster mammas
and coming back to get your parents, well i have it
these rhymes are fourteen karat, solid gold
rappers step to me, you get your wallet stole
in times square, i got blond hair, iâ€™m higher than con air
rappers donâ€™t want to see me, iâ€™ll butt f*** goldie hawn bare
in a lawn chair, cause iâ€™m there
with kurt russell, saying â€œcome here goldie, you want my love muscle?â€
i know you want it, i get plunted, then i
kick these, freestyles just like whipped knees
with a taxicab, iâ€™ll smack a b**** with a maxi pad
where we going? donâ€™t ask me dad
leave me alone, iâ€™m not trying, to even hear you
dad, i hope youâ€™re f***ing dying, off this porno mag
yo, did you see my ad? yo, wait a minute, did you see my ass?
is what i meant to say, i meant to say a rhyme that goes this way is elementary
for the century, slim shadyâ€™s is gonna be the illest
what? flamingos? my mother goes out and plays bingo
every single day, at the bingo hall, thatâ€™s why my d*** is single, small
didnâ€™t blow up, just donâ€™t give a what? a cuff?
didnâ€™t blow up, just donâ€™t give a what? a cuff?
but dtâ€™s fired, heâ€™s retired, heâ€™s not hired, yo plus iâ€™m tired
of busting and spitting this rhyme nonstop, iâ€™m on top
taking records to the pawnshop, stretch
damn, see my big ick? catch
put a d in front of it, rappers donâ€™t want none of it
coming with a ton of shit to spill, slim shady yo, i get ill with the skill
baby, aight baby, slim shady
kick eighty million rhymes, till iâ€™m older than grady
spilled gravy, all over my damn navy blue avi"
"once you call my name out things will never be the same
they should have never let us get off foot in this game
ever since i was introduced to rap music
i been missin' a screw like bishop and juice
i could lose it at any moment
those who know me know it
so they probably told you go with the flow just so that, i don't explode and
have another episode where i let it go as far as the one with benzino did
i'm waitin' for that next beef, i'm cocked, locked and loaded
i'm ready to go so bad i'm goin' bananas
my d***'s so hard anna nicole could use it to f***in' pole vault with
oh shit, i mean when she was still bloated
before they cut her stomach open and lipoed it
anybody i throw flames at, gets a name it's a game
'cause they know that they don't spit the same
it's a shame, what people do for 10 minutes of fame
everyday it's the same thing
people in this game try to buddy buddy us
just to get close enough to study us
everybody just wants to have somethin' to do with that
they all tryin' to get that stamp
they after that shady/aftermath money
it's like a monopoly
they probably just now finally understand how to rob fully
50 cent was like a f***in' jackpot for me
and dre, it's like we hit the f***in' lottery
and a damn slot machine at the same time as each other
why the f*** you think we ride like we brothers
when we rhyme with each other
in time we discovered that we have more in common
then we thought with each other
both robbed of our mothers
our fathers ain't want us
what was wrong with us, was it our fault
'cause we started thinkin' god doesn't love us
two odd motheruckers who just happened to meet at the right time
what a coincidence, 'cause when 50 got shot up in jamaica queens
i still remember the call up in ??? 'cause
big l had just got popped just a month before
if 50 lives he's gettin' dropped from columbia
two years later me and doc had to come and ah, operate
that's when he popped up a number one
and we ain't never gonna stop if you wonderin'
even if i'm under the gun
you ain't gotta agree all the time with me or see eye to eye
there'll always be animosity between you and i
but see the difference is, if it is i could give a shit
still gonna conduct motherf***in' business as usual
ego's aside, 'fore i bruise 'em all
swallow your pride 'fore i step on it wit' shoes you call nike's
earth links , how do you like these?
you gotta love them, look at the bottom of 'em they're like cleats
stompin', i been rompin' since tim dogg was, hollerin' ""f*** compton""
i was whilin', freestylin', back when, they was still makin', maxell cassettes
it wasn't even raps elvis yet
that tells us that, any doubts in your head that seals the shit
ricky ticky toc ticky ticky toc
still with the diggy diggy doc diggy diggy doc
and you don't stop
by: bunny_sshady*"
"aw man, yea
you ever be in the club man, you get in a fight
and people that you don't even know jump in?
you feel like you wanna hit something, your fist clenches, your pissed
you just wanna get someone with shit, jump on this you're bout to get the shit pushed in, i'm just inches away
i'm splitting your shit wide open, no stitches could save
so die with your eyes open, you hope this isn't the way
you end up going out, but i guess it just is i'm afraid
razors, scissors and blades make jason say isn't this great
on lookers participate in this ass kicking debate
they're starting to take place in the middle of the street
little did you know there'd be an all out brawl soon as you heard this beat
emergency personnel rush to the murder scene, but it is too late
it's absolute pandemonium, you whisked away
in a ambulance is your fate, nothing nobody told you when you left your house today coulda made you anticipate
such an ass whooping, okay, til the anger dissipates
you get punched in the face, reciprocate
so what the deal, ridaz?
would you excuse me while i feel my nuts?
my balls are feeling a mighty big now
i might just have to dig down and pull em through my britches
i said...
so what the deal, ridaz?
would you excuse me while i feel my nuts?
my balls are feeling a mighty big now
i might just have to dig down and pull em through my britches
you step in the place with enough misplaced anger to catch a case
anxious to get in some shit, got your gangstas all with your ladies
you better go get your mace cuz shady said so
you may wanna pick up the radio and bang it against your face
that's how f***ing rowdy you feel, now do you still wanna grill?
if you don't wanna get the shit beat outta you, chill
cuz if you doubt me you will, yea got me a pill, found me a thrill
i got a couple of drinks here and i'm bound to refill
girl howdy, how do you feel ma?
this cocksucker did not spill my drink, oh hell no
he must be tryna kill my buzz, i will not budge
and what the deal ridaz?
now here they all come and they got your back in like 2 seconds flat
that's probably a record yea, you wasn't expecting that
cuz they want in on the act, there's a cognac 
bottle, we snuck it in cuz the beer that they were serving here was only tap
i'm biting, i fight dirty, you might get kicked in the nuts
you're frightened like this guy might hurt me
you're quite certain he's nuts, i've hit myself in the face harder
play smarter, you may start a rope but you need a chainsaw to
dig your way out of, go powder your nose 
p**** the louder you yell, the harder i slap the shit out of you hoes
you set it off f*****, so now how do you spose 
we settle it, hit me in the nose, we'll see how it goes
so what the deal, ridaz?
would you excuse me while i feel my nuts?
my balls are feeling a mighty big now
i might just have to dig down and pull em through my
britches
i said...
so what the deal, ridaz?
would you excuse me while i feel my nuts?
my balls are feeling a mighty big now
i might just have to dig down and pull em through my britches
it's shear hustle, i bob, weave, deflate your beer muscles
we're tussling, the crowd's starting to cheer us
and adrenaline's rushing through us just like a geyser gushing
too much budweiser in my blood, i'm strangling your windpipe
and nothing my signatures, ligature marks
look at you all big with your remarks, and i swing an icepick at your heart
at least that's what it feels like when i pick you apart
and dig at you and break you down like the b**** that you are
the predicament starts when i throw a brick at your car
the pain inflicted upon you, it's so sick, it's bizarre
shit, this is almost ridiculous, addictive as far
as having me wanna rip out your frickin ligaments argh!
you hit like a b****, you scratch me with your nails, for that 
you catch an open hand slap, break off your nail like bap!
in fact, i'll have the crowd smacking you themselves
where's d12, i don't feel like doing this by myself
so what the deal, ridaz?
would you excuse me while i feel my nuts?
my balls are feeling a mighty big now
i might just have to dig down and pull em through my
britches
i said...
so what the deal, ridaz?
would you excuse me while i feel my nuts?
my balls are feeling a mighty big now
i might just have to dig down and pull em through my britches"
"i feel phenomenal as usual
pharmaceuticals, glue sniff and pools of vomit at bonnaroo
but i don't know if i'm in tennessee, chicago, or houston
in the corner trying to seek solitude
shallow but such a hollow dude
i won't even swallow solid food
alcoholic too, plus i'm on lean like the tower of pisa
top it off i'm on mushrooms so f*** all of you
roses are violet, mollies are blue
lost in a ball of confusion
its all an illusion
it's probably the shrooms i'm on
cause i think i started hallucinating
cause i just thought i just heard jay electronica
and odd future's new shit
and all i can do is follow the music
and end up with paula abdul at lollapalooza
fillin' water balloons with nail polish remover
just to pop 'em and wallow in fumes
i feel uptight i gotta get looser
after i finish polishing off this bottle of booze i got a solution
concentrated like orange juice so i'm not as diluted
cause all this delusion got me seein' shit
excusez moi but that coochie that passed
you see her ass? wouldn't make her my main squeeze
but juicier ass, it belongs in a juicer
it's mouth waterin' too so i walked up to it like i'm marshall
wanna try to meet my standards? i'll introduce ya
oh i'm a misogynist too but i'm not a masseuse
but my attitude is rubbin' off on the youth
a chronic abuser, not only user of marijuana
i mean verbal assault that i use to smoke all of you losers
got a bazooka, a shotgun, a ruger, a glock, and a nuke
and a rottweiler too, and i'm not in the mood so
when i say i'm bringing the tec out
i'm not coming to repair your f***in' electronic computers
god, i'm gonna puke
i'm so gone off the hookah
i think i swallowed a loofah
i'm tore up, demolished, a f***in' stone like oliver
like i looked medusa in the eyeball to seduce her
the thoughts i produce are loony tunes
the box of usable latex gloves
and the socks and the shoes
to replace next up veronica's boobs
and uhh, paycheck stubs that were stuffed in the glove box
in a blue honda with used condoms were clues
the girl was just not the one suitable for or
right for me, will change me, rearrange my head to be
just right for you and me, don't laugh, please listen
don't laugh, please listen
thought i'd give in to the pressure
collapse and crumble perhaps
relapsing under that
well that's a bunch of crap
in the clutch, i'm the captain crunch of rap
and i'm sick of acting humble, that's enough of that
f*** that shit, cut the sack
like its a natural reaction
that's why i'm actually trapped in this shoving match
cause push keeps coming to that
i can keep getting my ass kicked, i? m coming back
like a sarcastic crumpled sack of shit, still mad
disgruntled had some struggles yeah
but that passionate hunger's back
the fantastic juggling act
and the way i flip my tongue on the track
it's like verbal acrobatics
but in fact
last time i tried to pull off a dramatic stunt as drastic
i f***in' crashed my hovercraft
after i strapped the duffel bag to my back
and stuck the massive punchin' bag in it
an elastic bungee strap, proper plaster, a thumb tack
and a piece of plastic bubble wrap
went spastic and f***in' snapped
jumped and splashed in a puddle of battery acid
stumbled back, recovered, back flipped
and landed on a gymnastic tumble mat
and for my last trick, lunge on back lash
on a nasa shuttle flap, f***in' snapped the rudder in half
chuckled and laughed, buttaled my last rebuttal
and just asked him to come crash
and i grab my go go gadget inflatable gigantic
humongous mattress
and ceramic construction hat
rubbed my magic mushroom tat
fell off then splat, get up from that
face taped to a waste paper basket
throw up then gas, lungs collapse
and that's more likely than finding someone that's
right for me, will change me, rearrange my head to be
just right for you and me, don't laugh, please listen
don't laugh, please listen
couple of shots of jäger
public intoxication, dis f***in' combobulation
flooded with thoughts of anger
while i was away i know probably some of you got to thinkin'
""you're top ten ain't cha?
""stop cause you f***ers are talkin' crazy
and stop interrupting you're not even up in the conversation
whether you're punchin' a clock or famous
underground, pop, or nameless, whatever your job is
i came to f*** with your occupation
you're thinkin' just cause you came in with scrubs
and you brought the scalpel and sponge
the oxygen tank and the suction
and shot the brain surgeon
stuck in the operating room
once you done swapped your name with him
smuggled in ronald reagan
dug him up; donald f**en
while juggling waffles baking
f***in' mcdonalds egg and cheese sausage bagel finagle
they flung it across the table
then bump it and knock it shake it
jumped and got in the way then disrupted my concentration
i said f*** it and lost my patience
they all woke up from sedation
ain't none of you doctor dre
so then what does it got you thinkin'
you can f*** with this operation
aftermath, still running hip hop amazing
i'm still pluggin' along
no need for an assumption
here's confirmation
i'm up for the long duration
i'm just looking for something to walk away with
some pocket change and a little integrity
though i'll probably be jumpin' across the stage
till i'm f***in' madonna's age and
stuck in an awkward place in my life
but i shit you not like i'm plugged up with constipation
that day will come before
i finally stumble upon some lady that's
right for me, will change me, rearrange my head to be
just right for you and me, don't laugh, please listen
don't laugh, please listen"
"ay yo obie
show your teeth man
obie*
it's about to get real ugly man
shady records man
d twizzy
cus we're smiling
eminem mutha f***as
50cent
obie trice
lets go!
throw them hands up throw them hands up throw them hands up throw them hands up throw them hands up throw them hands up throw them hands up [fake assed mutha f***as
all y'all]
throw them hands up
you know how i be
high for v.i.p
i'll be in the club til i d.i.e
somewhere in the mix f***ing with the
d.i.k.es
spitting at whore moody rain more
you talk shit i talk shit to b
you pull out a mag bare of bus so b
you pull out a mag don't buss obie
f***** ass with the seasame
you know a n**** beemed up
hood tripled beamed up
ash on v's rolling on sprees   what
was that who what? ask em i'll shoot ya
take on the barnuda get real of the madusa
lose for night track fifteen
i proved you mother f***ers that a screw
weren't tight
the eminem show for mic's in the show
o's all politics!"
"ah yeah, yo!
this song is dedicated to all the happy people
all the happy people who have real nice lives
and who have no idea whats it like to be broke as f***
verse one:
i feel like i'm walking a tight rope, without a circus net
i'm popping perkasets, i'm a nervous wreck
i deserve respect; but i work a sweat for this worthless check
bout to burst this tech, at somebody to reverse this debt
minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
full of venom and rage
especially when i'm engaged
and my daughter's down to her last diaper
that's got my ass hyper
i pray that god answers, maybe i'll ask nicer
watching ballers while they flossing in their pathfinders
these overnight stars becoming autograph signers
we'll all gone blow up and leave the past behind us
along with the small fry's and average half pinters
while playa haters turn b**** like they have vaginas
cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
money will brainwash you and leave your ass mindless
snakes slither in the grass spineless
chorus: repeat 2x
that's rock bottom
when this life makes you mad enough to kill
that's rock bottom
when you want something bad enough to steal
that's rock bottom
when you feel you have had it up to here
cause you mad enough to scream but you sad enough to tear
verse two:
my life is full of empty promises
and broken dreams
i'm hoping things will look up
but there ain't no job openings
i feel discouraged hungry and malnourished
living in this house with no furnace, unfurnished
and i'm sick of working dead end jobs with lame pay
and i'm tired of being hired and fired the same day
but f*** it, if you know the rules to the game play
cause when we die we know were all going the same way
it's cool to be player, but it sucks to be the fan
when all you need is bucks to be the man
plus a luxury sedan
too comfortable and roomy in a six
they threw me in the mix
with all these gloomy lunatics
walk around depressed
and smoke a pound of ses a day
and yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today
my daughter wants to throw the ball but i'm too stressed to play
live half my life and throw the rest away
chorus
there's people that love me and people that hate me
but it's the evil that made me this backstabbing, deceitful, and shady
i want the money, the women, the fortune, and the fame
that means i'll end up burning in hell scorching in flames
that means i'm stealing your checkbook and forging your name
lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
right now i feel like just hit the rock bottom
i got problems now everybody on my blocks got 'em
i'm screaming like those two cops when 2pac shot 'em
holding two glocks, i hope your doors got new locks on 'em
my daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or sock's on 'em
and them rings you wearing look like they got a few rocks on 'em
and while you flaunting them i could be taking them to shops to pawn them
i got a couple of rings and a brand new watch you want 'em?
cause i never went gold of one song
i'm running up on someone's lawns with guns drawn
chorus"
"rock
city
royce
5
9
slim
shady
come on!
can't stop the hustle,
royce nickel nine, glocks stop the tussel
nine shots'll bust you, pine box we stuff you
f*** you
f*** you
i am not the tussel
n****s dont know me
come on
i'm detroit's king, n****, bow
rock city's where the n****s pimp hoes, and ball
strip hoes in bars, steal clothes in malls
as long as your citys got the bombs?
then your citys got the alarms?
then your cities got the...
titties saggin, lookin like they got four arms
gold bottles, green bottles, cris' to the don
n****s get popped, for sellin weed shaked with seeds
if you hate me, you hate the 'd', n**** please
i'm takin shit back to the riots in the sixties
think i'm lyin, visit me, where you at?
rock city, come on and rock with me
rock city, come on and rock with me
rock city, come on and rock with me
rock with me, come on and rock with me
rock city
come on the block with me
rock city
and come and rock with me
rock city, come on
rock,  city... come on!
da da da da da
suburban and city n****s hussle together
long as there's money involved, n****s'll tussle together
long as the hussle's, a hussle, the green is green
white is white, n**** we buying if the price is right
so, drop the mic's, everything's on cock
from the shots to the dice, we have notin' to hide
you cant say we cant work,
what
either we some plant workers, or we some n****s the plant worked, what!
detroit b****es, is bout it
you can just ask any one of your n****s that visit about it
any seven mile b****, know how'ta get rich
she'll f*** you till you sleep, plus lie to your b****
plus she'll suck the swallow up outta your d***
and she keep a sugar daddy that'll buy her some shit 
rock city, come on and rock with me
rock city, come on and rock with me
rock city, come on and rock with me
rock with me, come on and rock with me
rock city
come on the block with me
rock city
and come and rock with me
rock city, come on
rock,  city... come on!
da da da da da
the city with the bars,
with the most women cars are produced,
here we are, we’ve been...
in the casinos, card shuffle's, number's to bet
disrespect, and get a new smile under you neck
a city full of thug ass n****s and punk rockers
a lot of n****s act like pac, so cops watch 'em
the shop blocks up, in the black or the light timb's
white boys look, act and rap like slim
fight music, night fuses, never respect it,
guns talk, high schools with metal detectors
a city full of tommy hearst thumpers
grant hill hoopers, barry sanders runners, stunners
caldians we, connects like whoa!
hyper weed, no need to test like 'dro!
hyper cats you got dough, they like so
real then you might go 
rock city, come on and rock with me
rock city, come on and rock with me
rock city, come on and rock with me
rock with me, come on and rock with me
rock city
come on the block with me
rock city
and come and rock with me
rock city, come on
rock,  city... come on!
detroit rock city
won't you come on the block with us?
royce the 5'9
royce is on the block with us
royce the 5'9
next level
rock city
royce nickel nine, ugh
rock
slim shady, ugh ugh
rock city
won't you come and rock with us?
rock city
won't you come on the block with us?
rock with me
won't you come and rock with us?
rock with, with, with..
rock city
don't touch it
f***..."
"alright its my turn let me show you how i do shit
its nothin like you guys cause i recite poetry that knowone likes
this is the night for all of us to flow to everyone and not for fun
come on now im on its real and ima tell you how i feel
everyone of you punk mothaf***as see us as fake
thats a big mistake cause when your f***in with us we cant be stopped
were on top poppin off right now whilin out
f***ing with us you will be dealt with your head cut off
me and my crew arent soft you will be pissed and i also promise
to leave you dismissed along with gettin your ass kicked
were from the rock and where im from you cant be seen
all of you are the downfall and you dont have the balls to come at us
im notorious like biggy and i love when fake n****s test me
i came in this game with my pockets empty and left with a roll of 20's
theres a first time for every rhyme and every line this is mine
my 1 year bid in the bin it made me a man
doing this shit crazy while half of you amaze me
if this is nonsense to you its because you aint been through
you obviously aint been threw shit
age 16 started hating everyone and everything cause i relized that
shit doesnt always go my way unless i got money that earns say
while the consequences every year come with fear
cause around here you never know when death is near
this shit is really how i feel doubt me and it makes me stronger
i ts an adrenaline rush when i touch the dutch along with the mic
around here i am well liked so f*** all of you that think im shit
cause if there really is a real n**** im it
i aint gonna stop till i know me and my crew are on top
of the charts and ahead of our rap game
maintain by gettin our words of stress
str8ght to all of your heads so you know we dont play
i pray everyday to be like me cause i know im ready
to do this shit that i was not taught to do
my mind is my eyes that lye me to be blind
hoping to find my lyrics to make all of you fear this."
"ok, i'm going to attempt to drown myself
you can try this at home
you can be just like me!
mic check one two.. we recordin?
i'm cancerous, so when i diss you wouldn't wanna answer this
if you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for canibus
i strangled you to death then i choked you again
then break your f***in legs till your bones poke through your skin
you beef wit me, i'ma even the score equally
take you on jerry springer, and beat yer ass legally
i get you blunted off of funny home grown
cause when i smoke out i hit the trees harder than sonny bono
 so if i said i never did drugs
that would mean i lie and get f***ed more than the president does
hillary clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
i ripped her f***in tonsils out and fed her sherbet my nerves hurt, and lately i'm on edge
grabbed vanilla ice and ripped out his blonde dreads every girl i ever went out wit is goin lez
follow me and do exactly what the song says:
smoke weed, take pills, drop outta school, kill people and drink
and jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
i'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
so i'm dumb enough to ask for a date with lauryn hill
some people only see that i'm white, ignorin skill
cause i stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
but i don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
how the f*** can i be white, i don't even exist
i get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
my middle finger won't go down, how do i wave?
and this is how i'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?
now follow me and do exactly what you see
don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
i slap women and eat shrooms then o.d.
now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
me and marcus allen went over to see nicole
when we heard a knock at the door, must have been ron gold'
jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
killed em both and smeared blood in a white bronco my mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
i slapped garth brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
i'm not a player just a ill rhyme sayer
that'll spray an aerosol can up at the ozone layer my rap style's warped, i'm runnin out the morgue
witcha dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
jumped in a chickenhawk cartoon wit a cape on
and beat up foghorn leghorn with an acorn
i'm bout as normal as norman bates, with deformative traits
a premature birth that was four minutes late
mother.. are you there? i love you
i never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel
will someone explain to my brain that i just severed
a main vein with a chainsaw and i'm in pain?
i take a breather and sighed; either i'm high, or i'm nuts
cause if you ain't tiltin this room, neither am i
so when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass
then it probably is obvious i got it on with her
cause when i drop this solo shit it's over with
i bought cage's tape, opened it, and dubbed over it
i came to the club drunk with a fake id
don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
i've been with 10 women who got hiv
now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
i got genital warts and it burns when i pee
don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
i tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree"
"some days i just wanna up and call it quits
i feel like im surrounded by a wall of bricks
everytime i go to get up, i just fall in pits
my life's like one great big ball of shit
if i could just put it all in the all i spit
instead of always trying to swallow it
instead of staring at this wall and shit
while i sit, writers block, sick of all this shit
can't call it shit, all i know is i'm about to hit the wall
if i have to see another one of mom?s alcoholic fits
this is it, last straw, that?s all, that?s it
i ain't dealing with another f***in' politic
i'm like a skillet bubbling until it filters up
i'm about to kill it, i can feel it building up
blow this building up, i?ve concealed enough
my cup runneth over, i done filled it up,
the pen explodes and busts, ink spills my guts
you think all i do is stand here and feel my nuts,
well i'm a show you what, you gon' feel my rush,
you don?t feel it, then it must be too real to touch,
peel the dutch, i'm about to tear shit up
goosebumps, yeah, i'm a make your hair sit up
yeah sit up, i'm a tell you who i be
i'm a make you hate me, 'cause you ain't me
you wait, it ain't too late to finally see
what you closed minded f***s were too blind to see
whoever finds me's gonna get a finders fee
out this world, ain't no one out they mind as me
you need peace of mind? here?s a piece of mine
all i need?s a line,
but sometimes i don?t always find the words to rhyme
to express how i'm really feeling at that time, yea
sometimes, sometimes, sometimes
just sometimes, it?s always me
how dark can these hallways be?
the clock strikes midnight, one, two, then half past three
this half assed rhyme, with this half assed piece of paper,
i'm desperate at my desk
if i could just get the rest of this shit off my chest again
stuck in a slump, can't think of nothing
f*** i'm stumped, but wait, here comes something
nope, it's not good enough, scribble it out, new pad,
crinkle it up and throw the shit out
i'm fizzlin' out, thought i figured it out
ball?s in my court, but i'm scared to dribble it out
i'm afraid, but why am i afraid, why am i a slave to this trade?
sign that i spit to the grave, real enough to rile you up
want me to flip it, i can rip it any style you want
i'm a switch hitter b****, jimmy smith ain't a quitter
i'm a sit it here 'til i get enough of me to finally hit
a f***ing boiling point, put some oil on your joints,
flip the coin b****, come get destroyed,
an emcees worst dream, i make 'em jinx,
they hate me, see me and shake like a chain link fence,
by the looks of 'em you would swear that jaws was comin',
by the screams of 'em, you would swear i'm sawin' someone,
by the way they running, you would swear the law was comin',
it's now or never, and tonight it's all or nothing,
mama, jimmy keeps leaving on us, he said he'd be back,
he pinky promised, i don't think he's honest,
i'll be back baby, i just gotta beat this clock
f*** this clock, i'm a make 'em eat this watch,
don't believe me? watch, i'm a win this race,
and i'm a come back and rub my shit in your face, b****!
i found my niche, you gonna hear my voice,
'til you're sick of it, you ain't gonna have a choice,
if i gotta scream till i have half a lung,
if i had half a chance, i'd grab it,
rabbit, run!"
"chorus:
bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
outz in the area tearing things up
crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
outz in the area tearing things up bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
outz in the area tearing things up
crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
outz in the area tearing things up
yo, i'm finally convinced my kindness and innocence
is a crime in a sense, climbing a fence
diagonally bent, dying in agony in a magically event
outz in a fear of family presents
capped in clak smoke, pack toast in a black coat
to roast motherf***ers, over lactose
stay skeed off laced weed
i take cheese, and page trees in the bricks
rolling box of tracies
call a go go dancer
get up in that ass and wreck shop like colon cancer
hit it from the back, b**** can't hold her pants up
once for my cock, twice for my block,
i got it locked like handcuffs
pacer got a razor, get you and your man cut
swing a blow you can't duck
throw up your hands, what?
nobody on earth could see pacer
i get your shit then peel off like speed racer
chorus
i hit you bastards raps fast as janet jackson's coochie
your raps is half mastered, mad average, wack bologna
and if you ever wanna get a deal
you should either od off skill pills
or steal my reel to reel
most of y'all emcees ain't tight as y'all should be when
i'm tighter than the jeans that show hoochie chicks' coochie prints
outsidaz, we hot as hell's flames is
and i'm slang iz, my tapes get pumped like twelve gauges
i'm so weeded i'm so weeded i can freestyle for sixteen bars right off the top, then go back to the top
and then repeat it write it down on the paper
and still be able to read it i can't read, but i still write to my pen pals i can't fly, but i still float on cement clouds i can't see cause my eyes already been gouged out
i been down with the outz for ten thou sand years
some weird kids with piercings in more than one ear
lauryn, huh? hill?
what? you want me to stop? here?
chorus
yea
your girl could suck my d*** chewing big red
till she choke and scrape her wisdom tooth on my d*** head
puff a tray bag, outz never pay cabs
bust a a rab, front on taking us up eighth ave
yea, we all of the a volumes
what be the outcome?
we selling twenty million albums
ay your record, ain't nobody buy that
you fell off, and had to take your five mic
and push a white ac, with a bike rack
it's the a, the x, the e
why pay for ass, if i can sex for free?
f' with we, what you expect to see
death's your destiny, when it's my time for rest in peace
bet they find my pistol next to me
my d*** is giving ecstasy
shit i say, spread like leprosy
i'm on a quest to be, the best emcee
living recklessly, cock the weaponry
lay you on your back like lei wulong from tekken 3
yo follow, never question me
chorus
c'mon yo
bust your lip, rush ya clique, what?
crush your chick, touch your trick, what?
snuff your b****, crush your whip, what?
outz in the area tearing things up
outworld baby"
"yo
same song and dance
damn girl everywhere i go
same song and dance
i like the way you move all over the globe
same song and dance
there's something about it man
same song and dance
in the pale moonlight
i'm looking at you yeah girl you're kinda tooken back by
the whole rapper thing aren't ya?
probably think you'll get slapped so damn hard ya
wont even be able stand up straight aren't ya?
a couple rape charges people think you're a monster
the police constantly buggin you non stop
i walk up on you, well hello tonya!
i think you got your onstar button inside your car stuck
you outta gas, do you got a flat?
i would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat
i got your back, why dont you put your laundry basket in the back?
and sit up front, im not asking, its a trap
you just got jacked and bodysnatched and it's a wrap
in broad day   no masks for this attack
i heard them say exact opposites attract
if that's fact it'll take taskforce to get you back
yeah baby do that dance
it's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
girl shake that ass
you ain't ever gonna break that glass, the windshield's too strong for you
i said yeah baby sing that song
it's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
you sexy little thing
show me what you got, give it your all, look at you ball, why you crying to me?
same song and dance.
the first victim i had, she was a big one
big movie star, party girl, big fun
she was the girl the media always picked on
in and out of rehab every 4 6 months
she was always known for little pranks and slick stunts
on nickelodeon flashed to little kids once
what an event it was, i was sitting in front
i was hooked in at the first glimpse of them buns
seen her backstage, now here's where i come in son
look her she comes i'd better put out the big guns
""hello lindsay you're looking a little thin, hun'
how about a ride to rehab? get in c***!
starting off on the wrong foot is what i didn't want
girl im just kidding let me start over again, hun
see what i meant was we should have a little intervention
come with me to brighton, let me relieve your tension
you little wencher, murder wasn't my intention
if i wanted to kill you it would have already been done
slowly she gets in and i begin to lynch her with 66 inches of extension chord
yeah baby do that dance
it's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
girl shake that ass
you ain't ever gonna break that glass, the windshield's too strong for you
i said yeah baby sing that song
it's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
you sexy little thing
show me what you got, give it your all, look at you ball, why you crying to me?
same song and dance.
my second victim was even bigger than the first
pop star, icon, the whole works
she played a little schoolgirl when she first
burst upon the scene and seen the world was hers
she twirls and turns and flirts and skirts so bad it hurts
it irked me and made me mad at first
i lashed out in my songs
but what was really going on was that i had developed a crush, i just didn't know how to tell it to her
should i cut off one of my ears and mail it to her?
send her pictures of my collections of skeletons or
footage of me impaling myself on an elephant's tusk?
we'll settle this once and for all, ima tell her at dusk
tonight, tonight its the night, and tell her i must
creep upto her mansion in stilhettos and just
climb the gate and ring the bell, like ""hello my love""
i just picked your prescription for ceriquill up
now would you like to share a pill or two with me?
i'll share my valium with you cos im feeling you britney
i'll trade you a blue one for a pink one ever since at schoolgirl juvenile delinquent
i've been feeling you ooh ooh girl you sexy little girl
you hold that pill any longer it'll get sentimental value
come on toots give me the valium, i'll slamdunk it in your mouth till you puke
and just as soon as you pass out in your alphabet soup
im about to make a new outfit outta you
a new outfit? shit i'll make a new suit outta your shoe
now show me how you move girl, do how you do
yeah baby do that dance
it's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
girl shake that ass
you ain't ever gonna break that glass, the windshield's too strong for you
i said yeah baby sing that song
it's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
you sexy little thing
show me what you got, give it your all, look at you ball, why you crying to me?
same song and dance.
same kicking and screaming same crying and sobbing same song and dance
same yelling and bleeding same begging and pleading same song and dance"
"say goodbye hollywood
chorus sayin' goodbye, i'm sayin' good bye to hollywood
sayin' goodbye, i'm sayin' good bye to hollywood
sayin' goodbye, i'm sayin' good bye to hollywood
sayin' goodbye, i'm sayin' good bye to hollywood
verse 1
i thought i had it all figured out, i did, i thought i was tough enough to stick it out with kim
but i wasn't tough enough, to juggle two things at once, i found myself layin' on my knees in cuffs
which should've been a reason enough, for me to get my stuff and just leave. how come i couldn't see this shit myself?
it's just me, nobody couldn't see the shit i felt, knowin' damn well she wasn't gonna be there when i fell
to catch me, the minute shit was heated, she just bailed, i'm standin' here swingin' like thirty people by myself
i couldn't even see the millimeter when it fell, turned around saw gary stashin' the heater in his belt
saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground, i just sold two million records, i don't need to go to jail
i'm not about to lose my freedom over no female, i need to slow down, get my feet on solid ground/so for now i'm...
chorus 
verse 2
i, bury my face in comic books, cus i don't want to look at nothin', this world's too much, i've swallowed all i could
if i could swallow a bottle of tylenol i would, and end it for good, just say goodbye to hollywood
i probably should, these problems are piling all at once, cus everything that bothers me, i got it bottled up
i think i'm bottomin' out, but i'm not about to give up, i gotta get up, thank god, i got a little girl
and i'm a responsible father, so not a lot of good, i'd be to my daughter, layin' in the bottom of the mud
must be in my blood cus i don't know how i do it, all i know is i don't want to follow in the footsteps
of my dad, cus i hate him so bad, the worst fear that i had was growin' up to be like his f***in' ass
man if you could understand why i am the way that i am, what do i say to my fans/when i tell 'em ...
chorus 
verse 3
i don't wanna quit, but shit, i feel like this is it, for me to have this much appeal like this is sick
this is not a game, this fame, in real life this is sick, publicity stunt my ass, conceal my f***in' d***
f*** the guns, i'm done, i'll never look at gats, if i scrap, i'll scrap like i ain't never whupped some ass
i love my fans, but no one ever puts a grasp on the fact, i've sacrificed everything i have
i never dreamt i'd get to the level that i'm at, this is wack, this is more than i ever coulda asked
everywhere i go, a hat, a sweater hood, or mask, what about math, how come i wasn't ever good at that?
it's like the boy in the bubble, who never could adapt, i'm trapped, if i could go back, i never woulda rapped
i sold my soul to the devil, i'll never get it back, i just wanna leave this game with level head intact
imagine goin' from bein' a no one to seein', everything blow up and all you did was just grow up mcing
it's f***in' crazy, cus all i wanted was to give hailie the life i never had, but instead i forced us to live alienated
so i'm sayin'...
outro
goodbye
goodbye hollywood please don't cry for me when i'm gone for good goodbye
goodbye hollywood please don't cry for me when i'm gone for good "
"this ain't beef man
i don't know what the f*** to call it
but no beef
whattup x?
i float like big spirit in this b**** i'm ghostly
rush me, cause you ain't gonna live to roast me
i'd have my motherf***in ass kicked by moby
if i let some b**** in the can like 'bis cop over me
to do war, and try to bring my crew back down
i'll never stoop, to that level, to do that now
i got a new cat, this time i'm pullin two gats out
with bullets, i finally got somethin to shoot at now
let's see who got they city on lock
let's see who got the better aim with the glock
let's see who come out on top
let's see who really want they name in the streets
let's see who wanna die the same time as me
and make ends meet
now was i, blessed with a gift, or cursed with a curse?
i follow, hearse after hearse, with verse after verse
and i'll be damned if i let billy dance dupri
or anybody swing an axe at my family tree, so now
i love it when you n****z be talkin, sayin my name
seems like your mouth is not connected to your brain
two zero zero three, and shit, it ain't the same
better have a strap my n****, simple and plain
put your nuts on the table, my n**** let's play the game
heard you so long, you be up to get the pain
i don't wanna hear what you meant, do not explain
right before you lay in your coffin, hoe say my name
why do you hate me?  i came from nothin
blood sweat and tears, you did not create me
how can you doubt me?  you don't know shit about me
there'd be no west coast without me
cut with the bullshit  i struggle for survival
and now you tryin to act like my rival?
watch what you say partner, it's a small earth
don't play games with your life n****, it's not worth
all the pain  all the agony all the horror  all the tragedy put your hands up people, it's time to fight now
i beat holes in your chest, remain hostile
threaten my life?  one day you'll understand
they say that pride is the sign of a foolish man
so who the f***?!  you think you talkin to
live and direct in the flesh, i'm right in front of you!
i never really smashed on jermaine's ass, dre smashed him
nobody ganged up 'til he came back and jacked him
i never really brought it to his ass, i tapped him
i coulda been like treach, boom bapped and slapped him
purple, for mimickin him with two rappin urkels
i coulda snapped, took it past rap and hurt you
but i didn't, i kept it on wax and served you
i ""square dance"" cause i'm sick of rappin circles
around these clowns, stready tryin to call me out
it's like i'm listenin to motherf***in dogs meow
you'd probably do better tryin to come and stomp me out
you don't want it with rap, this is what i'm all about   c'mon
 no gangsta you ain't either
 but i know that i spit ""ether""
 i shoulda crossed your belly
 show you i'm not r. kelly
x, pass me the weed, i'ma put my ashes out on his ass
for the last time man..    ""watch your f***in mouth""
for the last time man, i'm through"
"""what's your favorite scary movie?""
 yo, slim shady!
 yo, royce 5 9
 y'all wanna make a movie?
 what..
 we got the film right here
what?
yeah i'm one of them pretty rappers
buck if i really hafta, i really slap ya
king of detroit who they namin the city after scandalous partners, whose grammar hammers the hard shit
into your heart with, content, yo who wanna start with
experts, bad and evil is comin soon
mc's get stuck, head first back in they mother's womb
this shit is written, in my eyes i'm the illest mc spittin leavin all of you cats shittin kittens
i gotta diss you, my n****z be cockin pistols
shot and split you, f*** splittin the profits with you six percent, of y'all n****z is just pretend
clicks with clits, p**** n****z stink with d***s n****z act bully, and blast for the fast penny
my auto is fully, plenty of n****z packin semi
speak darts; yo you get paid? rhymin about it is the sweet part
you can't be street smart with a cheap heart
five nine, a street n**** with deep feelin i keep illin, my steez willin to keep killin f*** rap, a lot of y'all all is just acts
trust that   you rhyme all wack on rough tracks
bust and then we all black when you get bust back at
f*** that, you get blast at, you get laughed at
and i'ma spit thunder  stick to my guns
n****z is finished before they gimmicks, one hit wonders
what? big balls, that's why when i spit, your clique stalls
i'ma pit bull, i'm just dog, i'm just raw split y'all, holla, ""it's on!"" then i diss y'all
all of y'all n****z get pissed on claimin you pissed off
chorus: eminem and royce 
y'all want drama? wanna make a scary movie?
rappers comin in with they team and carry toolies
you can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
we hard hittin, directin and starrin in it
the one man on the planet that'll drive off of the grand canyon
hop out of a grand am and land in it handstandin
any man plannin to battle will get snatched out of his clothes
so fast it'll look like an invisible man standin
i'm headed for hell, i'd rather be dead or in jail
bill clinton, hit this, and you better inhale
cause any mc that chooses to go against me
is gettin takin advantage of like monica lewinksy came home in a frenzy, pushin a ten speed
screamin to aunt peg with three spokes stickin out of my pant leg
f*** a headache, give me a migraine
damnit i like pain and you should be anywhere that i might gain
you rap knowin you wack
you act up and i'm throwin you down a flight of steps
then i'm throwin you back up em
if they don't like the track, f*** em
the rap struck em harder then gettin hit by a mack truck
and then backed up on
and any half assed known rapper to trespass
better be ready for the second celebrity deathmatch so tell the medic to bring the medication and quickly i'm sicker than a tupac dedication to biggie
i'm free fallin feet first out of a damn tree
to stampede your chest till you can't breathe
and when i'm down to my last breath
i'ma climb the empire state building and get to the last step
and still laugh half bent
chorus
 bad.. the bad..
 uhh, when the bad meets the bad.. yo..
 the evil
 take the evil with the evil
 put em together
 what? nine nine
 two times.. slim shady.. royce the five nine"
"women singing: ain't no one special, special like you i been searching, but your the one i want in my life baby 
verse 1: eminem
i'm reminiscing on your tenderness and the snuggling and teasing
missing what i remember, kissing and hugging and squeezing
bugging and weezing, i'm having trouble when breathing
it's even tougher when sleeping
but there's a couple of reasons that i'm suffering and grieving
for loving and leaving, you all i'm thinking of in the evening
you got my knees buckling and weakening
thoughts of nothing but freaking that i'm struggling to keep in
and interrupt when i'm speaking
i got some game that i'm preparing to run the way your lips sparkle and glare in the sun
you got your hair in a bun, no matter what you're wearing you stun
cause your comparing to none, i wanna share in the fun
i feel a passionate lust when i'm imagining just us alone at last with a touch i see you grasping to trust, but my intentions are good
the seed is passing in dust
i'm not asking to rush and answer immediately
i just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me
if you agree to repeat after me, i love you cause i just need you to see, how much i'm eager to beyour man legally wed, your love's keeping me fed
this is easily said, so you can lead or be led
if you care to be down cause ain't nobody like you no where to be found
chorus:women singing:
i been searching, but your the one i want in my life baby 
verse 2: denaun porter
baby it's all on you, it's you i call on boo
let's set a day up so you can fall on through
we'll take a spin in a lexus you can chill for dinner and breakfast
long enough to see how this gentleman sex'es
we'll start it out with caviar, don parigne
and then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on we'll take it slow, see nobody will hurry things
i got the herbs the bacardi and hurricane
if daiquiris are in debate and not your thing that dayit's still all right cause
i got minute maid and tangeray
your an incredible one that's rare, in bed with edible underwear
you look impeccable, nothing compares
i dream of freaking you, the women that will speak it too so
it seems that there is not an end to things that we can do so
now we all set to play, only thing left to say is
when you step away, baby but don't forget the neglicie
chorus:women singing:
i been searching, but your the one i want in my life baby ain't no one special, special like you "
"i don't now man, just feels like, well a lot different
kinda feels like, i'm on a whole different page right now
feels strange but um, i guess it's kinda like... it's kinda like
i feel like i'm morphin, into something so incredible, that i'm dwarfin'
all competetors, better get your girlfriend in check
it's psychological warfare, endorphin side effect
your self esteem shatters his dialect
comes blasting out your deck, she loves me
so much passion you'd expect this sort reaction from her yet
you're strong oh, you're f***ing corny, you try to turn your charm on
cause you just think you're bishop the don one
but if you think you're f***ing with me, homie you're on one
i'm cockin' my head back like 'ed lover, come on son
she's on my johnson, she brings my name up constant
your boys are like ""she's f***ing with dude, she wants some""
homeboy, you better get a clue
she's on my d*** cause i spit better than you
what you expect her to do? how you expect her to act in the sack
when she's closing her eyes, fantasizing
of digging her nails in my back to this track
seduction, seduce
ain't nobody who's as good at what i do
cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
she's been stolen from you
seduction, seduce
ain't nobody who's as good at what i do
cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
she's been stolen from you
she's sitting there getting liquored up at the bar
she says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you
than to count the things that are
there's a seven disc, cd changer in her car
and i'm in every single slot, and you're not, aw
i'm the logo on that dallas cowboy helmet, a star
and i'm not about to sit back and just keep rhyming one syllable, nah
switch it up and watch them haters not give it up
cause they're just not good enough
but i'm not giving up til i get my respect
and i won't stop til i get enough
cause i'm not living up to my own expectations, aw
that hater alarm is sounding off
and obama took the bomb from my name, aw
so quit crying that i took your dame
homie she's my dame, aw
you sadly mistaken if you thinkin' that i'm not on my game boy
and things just ain't been the same since the day that i came for it
you wear your heart on your sleeve, i sport that white tank boy
but you got a hard on for me, what you hollerin' my name for?
it's your b**** on my d***, ain't my dang fault
man i can't call it
seduction, seduce
ain't nobody who's as good at what i do
cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
she's been stolen from you
seduction, seduce
ain't nobody who's as good at what i do
cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
she's been stolen from you
it's like we're playing lyrical tug of war with your ear
you hear it, girl come here, put your ear up to the speaker
dear, while i freak this world premier
seducing her, loosen up with a little freestyle
wait, am i losing ya? am i making you look bad?
well i got news for ya homie, you're losing her
oh wait she don't like when i spit it fast
am i tryna show how, let me slow it down
it's still gonna be a blowout
you're gonna wanna throw out your whole album
rummage through the shit and try to salvage something
to see if you can save any of it punk
but none of it's f***ing with me
prick you really feeling that bullshit?
you think you killing them syllables? quit playing
these beats ain't nothing to fool with
they call me fire marshall, i shut the shit down
your entire arsenal is not enough to f*** with one round
i am also the opposite of what you are like
you're a microcosm of what the f*** i am on the mic
i am awesome, and you are just awe struck
she's love stricken, she's got her jaw stuck
from sucking my d***, awwf***
seduction, seduce
ain't nobody who's as good at what i do
cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
she's been stolen from you
seduction, seduce
ain't nobody who's as good at what i do
cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
she's been stolen from you"
"welcome to detroit
this is the bet, shady 2.0, cypher, 2011
myself, slaughterhouse, and yelawolf
white dog, get 'em!
put these muthaf***as in a box and i send 'em away
put em in a gray 'llac and pop the trunk
and throw em in the back, jack, ha, dig 'em a grave
put a brick inside that xerox when i print 'em a page
moving keys i can relate, cause i live in the cage
i throw up the a, i take 'em to school, i give them a grade
an easy e for effort, that's the wwa
white with an attitude, alphabet soup is on my plate
all i got is z's they sleeping on me, i can't get 'em awake
i spoon feed 'em a sound, in a room full of deceivers and clowns
who believe in making it rain cause all they see is the clouds
and i watch from the couch of the vip like a potato
with a bunch of meatheads, like f*** it, i'll just feed 'em a cow
plenty of white boys to pick from this year
but before you pick a pepper, you better pick up your heater
cause even peter piper could pick up a mic
but what it's like to pick a fight with me is like putting nikes
on a cheetah
better speed up, or at least in my case adidas
i'm out this b****, drinking sprite by the two liter
say i'm from the new school, i'mma say check your tone
and watch your mouth
if they teaching how to dougie, i'm condoning dropping out
forced to wild, y'all birthed me then gave me up
i just perfected being hip hop's foster child
now check it: don't blame y'all for being trash, fans are copping it
the radio's the crime scene, the masses are the hostages
in my youth i'd throw shots, the fad was dodging it
i'm grown: i ain't watching the throne, i'm sabotaging it
you see that 4 headed monster in the storm looms
snipe 'em from a distance: the scope got a long zoom
you super mario thugs is in the wrong room
gotta figure here, you won't get bigger if you on shrooms
if it was left to me, i'd revive what the game be 'bout
i woulda took the wine outta amy house
enough raps from you scrub cats bout cockin' a snub back
wayne couldn't teach me how to love that
but i have this chick from uptown, she my summer bunny
both parents broke, but she come from money
think my bread is her paper to burn
so i lock her out, and now she doubt david is stern
she's so bad, i make her hit the telly from a taxi
then dead her in the holiday inn, learned that from max b
that's why haters envy, kinda wanna send me llamas
i made it right before their eyes like i was benihanas
is it me? or is what i'm hearing just pitiful?
airwaves the same, now the stereo's typical
my skin's thick, so the critics ignored
so unafraid to die, you'd think i did it before
the boy's rodman with the trash talk, magic or walt
with the black ball, way i bounce off the asphalt with cat paws
glass jaw, hood of your mask will be the blackfoot with
no passport
body be found in a mansion in one of my trapdoors
if punks had award you status whores categore
probably be that of awards between michael rappaport
and kenny latimore
i know hip hop's alive and well
if it died, you other crews wouldn't survive the smell
i spot a victim, the plot'll thicken when the clock is ticking
i caught him slipping, i gotta give him a shot
i hit him with proper spittin', hottest writtens and compositions
so competition's a contradiction, somebody mention they
got a crooked
highly fiction we probably different, got gotti henchmen
opposition, i'll body quick as bugatti engines
i'm on a mission to get richer, the sickest lyric kicker
digging a ditch for different spitters, weak lyricists get
disfigured
sip liquor, spit like a sick mixture
of notorious, pun and l, get the big picture?
the poster, i'll roast ya
my mind so deadly it's just like the beanie is close to a holster
it's over, control my whole coastal region
like i'm supposed to flow is going postal even
open season, heart close to freezing
ruthless as eazy n**** approach, i'm squeezing, believe me
dopest westcoaster breathing
so most ya hope i'm vegan, nope i'm beefing
rappers need to keep it trill, give me a beat to kill
too many people still eating sleeping pills, people sleeping
on my ether skills
and y'all ain't even real, you 'bout to die in this cypher
before you die, you should do the jada and leave a will
i ain't a rap dude, i'm a dude who rap
before this, i was moving crack
killers y'all become when y'all rhyme i salute and dap
and if i blink they'll remove your snaps
you ain't cool, you wack with your foolish act
skinny jeans don't mean your ass shoot, it means
your booty claps
don't play like tyler perry
this the slaughterhouse of pain, flow brown, tight and heavy
when it come to 16's, i'm a fiend
seen in the studio near a needle with a mean lean
probably writing bars to nas' thief's theme getting
my yaowa on
man, all these olajuwons, we the dream team
this is an all day slaughter
they fiendin' for us to break like beyonce's water
the four quarters doing all the eating
and y'all gotta know why i made the cut, i'm puerto rican
ortiz keep they fire ready
and tryna put me out's like tryna steal a transvestite from eddie
i'm do or die dope and you can make the sticker sitting
on the door of that phantom, your suicide note
hi rihanna.. is nicki living with you?
let me know so i can buy binoculars and telescopes
hi rihanna.. i don't need to know you better
you tell me you love my music again? we go together
bye rihanna.. now back to y'all fools
we rock out like the outside of a guitar school
thousand dollar frames, i prefer to see the world through
don't ask me nothing 'bout budden, i beat my girl too
you ask me why do i keep her, i say it's cheaper to
that's why i ride around in a rolls like wiz khalifa do
rappers i'm your daddy, i tell you straight as this
you don't kill, but your father will like jayden smith
i tell you like i tell my spanish chick
you fly, but i ain't going down on no landing strip
so get your wax on like daniel san
or i'mma have to run like de la hoya in drag when cameras
come
point out the greatest rapper alive i headshot 'em
smack his girl on the butt and buy her some red bottom
bring every deceased rapper back to see his wife
while i'm cyber sexing with jessica alba via skype
i?m on my d boy, deebo thing
spiritual steelo swing like cee lo green
get out the camera with yo b roll bling, you know your
flow is wack
we cornered the market like a wal mart in a cul de sac
yeah, this is what two million singles sold, the album is gold
look like without having to sell your soul
ayo, lyrical miracle spiritual individual criminal
subliminal in your swimming pool
you're about to see peace destroyed, it'll never be restored
when i unleash these beastly hordes on your cd stores
wanna stop it? you gon' need a priest, at least three swords
a license to ill from the beastie boys, three ouija boards
a squeegee and please be warned, don't ask what the
squeegee's for
or the holy water, acid raps that'll eat these floors
eat a hole in a rhyme book, you see these horns?
and as for me you ask when i'm gone, will he be mourned
..is puke luke warm, should casey anthony do porn?
can that chick fit a new born dead baby inside a fricking
shoebox
with a shoehorn and smother it in chloroform so she
can go get her groove on
can she duct tape and velcro a fetus?
joell, yo, tell joe i need his
empty box from his old shell toed adidas
so i can put these babies in the fetal position,
they're getting elbows to the penis
yeah big deal
i took some little kids big wheel and spit in his frickin
big kids meal
quit tryna bite me and pinch you wench sit still
did you just put your six inch heel through my benz
windsheild?
is it dust we bout to kick up?
can yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup
between in stick shift in his frigging pickup
and drink like a hick redneck hillbilly will 'til he gets hiccups
flipping the script up like mike vick
getting bit in his junk by a pit, yup i'm a sick pup
i'd be a horrible magician, cause i'll f*** a trick up
fix your lips up to say something fly, or zip up
a b, let's c, you said you were gonna do x y z
'til you f*** around and get dropped like an e when you
add an i n g
don't put a k in front of that though, when i mc
i'm not the king of the microphone booth,
it's more like a phone booth
superman in this b****, kryptonite won't do
it gives me more power, i bump the fat boys
and eat rat poison, take meteor showers
fresh outta the mental hospital
and me not flossing a middle finger while i hop in a mosh pit'll
be like nas doing gospel or r&b, you crazy
me pushing up daisies, that thought is impossible
as if flashing across the news, posdnuos was caught with
a prostitute
with a huge johnson, boobs and a monstrous tube of lube
and a bra, some boots, some panties and a aqua blue mazda
swallowin' a popsicle, playing tonsil pool
so kill the rumors it ain?t happening, i?mma rap 'til i'm fossil fuel"
"yeah!
god damn
feels like a long time don't it
you missed up
we missed you shady narcotics
it's the re up
pussies
and we're back
myself
d12
50 cent
obie trice
stat quo
and i would also like to introduce
the two newest members of the family
one goes by the name of bobby creek
the other goes by the name of cashis
from orange county
and i think it's about time we cut the bullshit
let's go"
"let's get down to business
i ain't got no time to mess around what is this?
new shit coming through; i ain't got no time to mess around
we coming
i got 50 cent i got g uni we up in this b****
with obie trice
so watch what you say 'fore you call our names you say one more thing
it won't be nice
here we go i should've known
that i would finally get pulled
into some more shit sooner or later you little haters
are too jealous of us to love us then obie's coming
d12 is coming you're sick to your stomachs
50 percent of it's 50 cent the other 50 percent of it's
whose colour of skin it is
and before you even consider taking our label down
you better find our building and fly a f***ing plane into it
but i ain't trying to get too intricate into it i'm just trying
to give you a little hint for your own benefit
cuz then it's gonna get to the point where it is gonna escalade
into some other shit then i'ma flip
then i'ma get to stompin in my air force ones
you won't be able to tell if it's two pairs or one
it's gonna feel like so many feet kicking you
you'll think nike just made these in a cleat tennis shoe
i don't know what it is or what it could be but
i get a woody when these pussies try to push me
thinking they gon' put me in the position to pick at me
y'all tickle me pink i think i'd just rather have pink tickle me
hickory d***ory dock tickety tock tickety
a little bit of the d***ety dock d***ety
mixed with a little bit of the jigga j jigga
with a small pinch of biggie look at me i'm just the bomb
we the realest label
dont try to act like you dont feel our label
cuz we gon' f*** around and kill your label
obie,d twizie,g unit,50, shady records
we the label fo sho
we the realest label
dont try to act like you dont feel our label
cuz we gon' f*** around and steal your paper
obie,d twizie,g unit,50 we gon' kill yo f***in label fo sho
shady n the place to be c and it what it takes to rock the mic right
still watch what you say to me punk cuz im off probation in less than six months
0 reaction | add reply
page tools correct this song add new lyrics to eminem read 0 reaction member tools add eminem to mymusic add this song to mymusic add reply moderator tools edit this song edit additional performers of this song remove this song add a new song to eminem add a new album to eminem"
"i'm liable to start a violent spark with a silent thought
i disgust you like dialogue from the shop to the wired frog
night club, shit, i was taught if you see these on fire
you had to put it out yourself like highland park, no fire department
so you may not hear sirens at all
but don't be alarmed if i sound off
something just ain't right with me, dawg
a martyr on a private charter, whose life could be harder
widely regarded, highly bite me, sweetheart, i'm slightly r*****ed
but tonight i'm starting shit, i'm feeling self righteous
i might just hop in a mosh pit on some mike tyson and pac shit
looking to box with anybody, disorderly conduct
i'll f*** around and snort a key and pick a fight with a locksmith
fan of the lox, bananas, manic, i'm going in shock
frantic, i'm trapped in a closet
panic attack cause i'm claustrophobic
no, f*****, i mean i can't maneuver from movement
cause i had no room for improvement
i'm practically squashed, unpacked it and boxed it
toxic, hands are arsenic, flammable bars, examine the content
bar exam, start of insanity
charles hamilton slash manson and bronson
animal snarls, cannibal jaws
shark mandibles, lambs that'll slaughter
looking scamp as hannibal stalking
anthony hopkins with his hands in his pockets
black out, zach galifianakis, gallons of vodka
but i gallon some knockers
i bet you they ring a bell when i come back and i'm conscious
what happened, doc? i passed out again
alcohol's making me break into vacant's naked
stole a magnum box and bag cirocs in back of a doxon
fell asleep watching fear factor and scare tactics
too close to the stair master
poked a hole in the air mattress and popped it
woke up shortly there after, hungover
no one to wear, grasping a bear, rasped it and dropped it
air max in my closet, preposterous nikes made out of ostrich
and the cross stitching is a cross mix
of a rhinoceros, possum skin, giraffe and a dolphin
dolphin fin dockers, eyes cautious, drop crotches
swats watches and sneakers matches with the parkers
but it's like being overstepped at a boxing gym
with all these trainers, but i don't have any boxers
and i'm standing here naked, hangover, still wasted
like paper you write raps on, obnoxious
yo, why does it always sound like i'm grabbing my nostrils?
f*** that, i'll battle 'em all, i'll battle 'em all
i'll stand there and yell mad at a wall
until the mannequin doll scatter the inanimate objects
that i'm badder than all, shatter and fall
cause i hear the track
and i'm starting to get f***ing amped, i'mma spark plug
like the car with the cables hooked to my f***ing back, i'm a duracell
but i sure as hell got it backwards cause y'all could get jumped
and i'd catch the battery charge, but
i got a hunch like your back when it's arching
when i start attacking your squadron
you'll feel like master card when i'm charging
so take a swipe at me, i'm coming straight at you
like clay matthews from the green bay packers
so get the sack of wisconsin
that's nutbag that i'm talking, who am i kidding?
you f*****s are all gonna do my bidding
don't get dragged to the auction
neiman marcus, bags of the tylenol
i'll push a b**** into oncoming traffic, just watch this
stretched, tinted, black sedan my ass
see i'm at you wack when i drop you off at saks fifth ave
in a f***ing taxi cab to go shopping
affable guy next door is laughable
my next whore's gon' have mechanical arms
that'll jack me off with a lotion dispenser with a motion sensor
no emotion hence i guess this sick prick dies hard
i got a magic johnson
it's like a magic wand allows me to not let a blonde arouse me
if ronda rousey was on the couch, with the condoms out
holding a thousand magnums at once to pounce me
i laugh in response to how she dances and flaunts it around me
her flat little badonkadonk is bouncing around
and all i see is  she's slaughterhouse in a blouse
and madonna with mud on her, got dammit i am misogynist
i slap linda ronstadt with a lobster, throw her off a balcony
just so happens she's fond of al
cause now she's faceplants on the concrete
complete lack of responsibility
half you assholes ain't strong enough to pick up a spirit
shit, you f*****s couldn't shoplift at a thrift shop
but i let the track lift 'em up, boost the energy
klepto, i'm back to rip shop up, but my thing is this now
five finger discount
been rapping so long i've been killing this shit, it's easy
kidnapping your mom cause i'm still in this b****, thievery
ransom for jonbenét ramsey, chandra levy, and gary condit
paul was scared that if i went back to the blonde
i might relapse, get to some bullshit
perhaps i'll launch some cracker taunts at action bronson
macklemore and mac miller and asher roth
have some back and forths
and record a wack response to kendrick lamar's control verse
and perform fack in concert
yo, i put that shit on a greatest hits album
now that was awesome
it takes some massive balls to do some shit like that
sometimes i have to ponder why people are like
and put up with my crap so long for
what's the attraction, mama?
is it the fact that i'm a walking, talking, actual quadruple entendre
or the pointy nose that's pointing at you, mama?
who knows at this point, it's always poking so meh
still get along with this voice cause that's the monster
so do si do with a sociopath, everyone who knows me knows that
what they don't know is the fact rihanna calls me pinocchio, meh
she loves the way i lie
sits on my face and waits for my nose to grow
pathological liar, oh, why am i such an asshole
that might've disguise pants, but they on fire
so am i a, wooh, cappadonna, cut the track off
sabotage christmas, crap in your stocking
i'm wrapping up all the presents
in f***ing camouflage so you can't even find 'em
jack santa claus, snap rudolph's antlers off
wrap his schnoz in gauze bandage and blind him
blowing the head gasket at bed, bath and beyond
put the basket back while the bath salt packets are gone
know you really tired of me sampling billy squier
but classic rock acid rap is the genre
got slash on guitar, splashing bizarre, trasher and aerosmith
and i'm a spectacular archer, feed count dracula chocula
godzilla, half dragon and bob dylan
bandwagoners kicking the damn stragglers off and i'm strangling 'em
smack kim basinger on the ass"
"shady, aftermath
there she goes, shaking that ass on the floor
bumpin' and grindin' that pole
the way she's grindin' that pole
i think i'm losing control
get buzzed, get drunk, get crunked, get fuucked up
hit the strip club don't forget once get your d*** rubbed
get f***ed, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted
pasted, blasted, puke drink up, get a new drink
hit the bathroom sink, throw up
wipe your shoe clean, got a routine
knowin' still got a few chunks on your shoestring
knowin' i was dehydrated till the beat vibrated
i was revibed as soon as this b is gyrated
and hips and licked them lips and that was it
i had to get nate dogg and his sing some shit
two to the one from the one to the three
i like good p**** and i like good trees
smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe
and i get more ass than a toilet seat
three to the one from the one to the three
i met a bad b**** last night in the d
let me tell you how i made her leave with me
conversation and hennessey
i've been to the motherf***in' mountain top
heard motherf***ers talk, seen and dropped
if i ain't got a weapon i'ma pick up a rock
and when i bust yo ass i'ma continue to rock
getcha ass of the wall with your two left feet
it's real easy just follow the beat
don't let that fine girl pass you by
look real close 'cause strobe lights blind
we 'bout to have a party let's get it started i'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
wanna get it poppin' baby step right up
some girls they act r*****ed
some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
i'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the f***
i say everyday she be givin' it up
chorus shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
ohh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
i'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist
open your mouth for about four or five minutes
take a little bit of this fluoride rinse
swish but don't spit it, swallow and i'll finish
yeah me and nate d o double g
looking for a couple b****es with some double d's
pop a little champagne and a couple e's
slip it in her bubbuly, we finna finna have a party
have a party let's get it started i'm lookin' for a girl i can f*** in my hummer truck
apple bottom jeans and a big old slut
some girls they act r*****ed
some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
i want a b**** that sit at the crib with no panties on
knows that she can't but she won't say no
now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be
tonight i want a slut, will you be mine?
i heard you was freaky from a friend of mine
now i'ma hope you don't get mad at me
but i told nate you was a freak
he said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind
i told him that you like it from behind
chorus
we 'bout to have a party let's get it started i'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
wanna get it poppin' baby step right up
some girls they act r*****ed
some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
i'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the f***
i say everyday she be givin' it up
there she goes, shaking that ass on the floor
bumpin' and grindin' it all
the way she's grindin' it oh
i think i'm losing control
by esquerdino"
"woo! shady, aftermath look at that b****, shit! hey!
there she goes, shakin' that ass on the flo'
bumpin' and grinding it that pole
the way she's grinding that, ohh i think i'm losing control 
i bought a girl patron, i get in the henn' i'm gone
my eyes ain't clear and i'm long so she hearin' me wrong
i'm kinda in the zone 'cause the dj playin' my song
just another opportunity for sayin' i'm known
i'm from atlanta, so southern ain't just a part of my grammar
i can dump and cock my hammer for any n**** with ammo
but i came here to get on goose and tropicana
get loose, put some more in my juice and your caboose
sippin' everything from white cran to deuce deuce
with nothin' to gain but my grains and loose tooths
eminem came, then obie, stat and proof too
bobby creek is in the place, the name is new too
but the money been around, my drinks is ten around
i can make her spin around, least she keep her dinner down
simmer down, we can hit the telly when the fun stops
and i let you and your girl come tickle my gumdrops, yo
three to the one from the one to the three
i met a bad b**** last night in the d
let me tell you how i made her leave with me
conversation and hennessy
i've been to the motherf***in' mountain top
heard motherf***ers talk, seen 'em drop
if i ain't got a weapon i'ma pick up a rock
and when i bust yo' ass i'm gon' continue to rock
get your ass of the wall with your two left feet
it's real easy just follow the beat
don't let that fine girl pass you by
look real close 'cause strobe lights lie
we 'bout to have a party let's get it started i'm lookin' for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
wanna get it poppin' baby step right up
some girls they act r*****ed
some girls are 'bout it 'bout it
i'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the f***
i say everyday she be givin' it up
chorus shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
ohh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
 obie trice!
one slug couldn't snuff young cuz
goodness gracious, haters stay on his nuts
wood just like a hoodrat chick who was curious
serious full breast ready to touch
who's that in the coupe blew back with a blue new hat
givin head while he poppin the clutch?
true that i had a few, obie rollin' with brutes
and nathaniel annually knockin' the boots
it's all manual the way i get 'em outta they shoes
talk a lil' shit then they anus'll ooze
hock a lil' spit on my dang a lang boo
it's sha dy; you know the name of the crew
you know the aim is to bang you in a mansion
with a magnum when the night came to the matinee
mathers, nate, obie, came to party
you better ask somebody
chorus
por ls"
"she loves me, she loves my knot
not for who i am, but what i got, yeah
and, i don't wanna blow up her spot
but da na na na na da na lady, i've been watchin' you from the back every time that you walk past
hate to put you on blast but you got a bomb ass been checkin' you out ever since the second you stepped in through nani's dressing room
girl, you're stunning, i'd bet that you'd zap me if i was next to you
spark'll fly, i expect them too
i'd be shocked if they didn't, 'cause you're carmen electrocute and those ain't just sound effects, i knew something was special as soon as we swapped info
i knew that
she loves me, she loves me not
for who i am, but what i got
but she loves me, she loves me not she loves me i said 'cause she loves me  , she loves me not
for who i am  , but what i got
but she loves me, she loves me not
she loves me
sorry i missed your call again, i be in the studio usually
but tomorrow afternoon for me, it work beautifully
if your schedule's open, you say, ""that's cool with me, but you stood me up twice, slim, you're 0 for 2 with me""
'cause like a basket, you've been going through hoops for me
well, if the ball's in my court, why don't we shoot for three?
yeah, i'll pick you up and we'll cruise through the d
and soon as we hung up, i'm like, ""whoo""
'cause she loves me  , she loves me not
for who i am  , but what i got
but she loves me, she loves me not she loves me 
she pulls me close and whispers to me, ooh
lies in my ear, but that's all i wanna hear
it's okay long as we both know this is all it is, woah
she can have my love for as long as we both are here
back in my spot now
the music is loud so i turn the boombox down
we cut off our cell phones
you're killin' me soft now, wanna hit it like balboa
'cause girl, you're a knockout, your body is out cold i put the moves on you like a u haul
bend you over the foosball table, your shoes fall to the floor
but canoodlin', i'm not in the mood for
gotta get me out of these draws if you wanna spoon, doll
but before we get to droppin' these draws, there's options to explore
we can f*** in the closet or on my elevator and maybe when it stops and the door opens, we fall out and we just get off on this floor you say you're falling for me but not 'cause i'm famous
then explain to me who that tattoo that's on your leg's of?
girl, your game is an a plus but you think i don't notice who the screensaver on your damn phone is?
it ain't 'cause who i am, bullshit
i like you, just don't take me for stupid ass
no disrespect, 'cause even tho you're like my truest fan
know it's clear you only love me 'cause i'm superman, lois
but f*** it
'cause she loves me  , she loves me not
for who i am  , but what i got
but she loves me, she loves me not
she loves me i said 'cause she loves me  , she loves me not
for who i am  , but what i got
but she loves me, she loves me not she loves me
she loves my knot, haha
i'm just playin', i ain't got no foosball table"
"eminem   shit on you
i'll shit on you
da da, da da, da da
i'll shit on you
i will shit on you
i'll shit on you
girl you know its true
i'll shit on you
b**** or man
i'll shit on you
i will shit on you
i remain fatter than gluttony
taping bombs to the back of record companies
blow them up if they ain't want me
the national guard, they scared to hunt me
i love beef; i got you hoes duckin me
a drug thief, b**** i'll take your marijuana
these slugs with keep your ass away from my corner
i drown n****s in hundred degree saunas
you can act a fool if you wanna it's this lyrical piranha
strapped with a grenade, in the pool with your mama
attack her by the legs then i pull her to the bottom
twist nothin up like a condom
slap it if you f***ers got a problem
when i see them, you hoes ending up in a f***in mausoleum
or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold bm
pull in the garage while you screamin
keep the motor on then i'm leaving i'll shit on you!
chorus: eminem
i will shit on you i don't care who you are
i don't give a f*** about you or your car
f*** your house, f*** your jewelry and f*** your watch
f*** your wife, f*** your kids, f*** your family
i'm a alcoholic with the f***ing toilet
pass the hot dogs b**** shut your f***ing mouth
i'ma keep eating 'till richard simmons comes to my house
with a chain saw to cut me out
i'll f*** your wife
i had sex since i met her
i'm to busy f***ing, your 12 year old baby sitter
and all women ain't shit
only good for cooking, cleaning
and sucking d*** and thats it i was responsible for killing john candy
i got jonbenet ramsey in my ninety eight camry
i don't give a f*** who you are
i'll shit on anybody
truly yours the idiotic bizarre
my adolescent years weren't shit 'till what i do now
i never grew up i was born grown, and grew down
the older i get, the dumber the shit, i get in
the more ignorant, the incident, is i fit in
ignoring the shit how boring it gets
when there's no one to hit
i don't know when to quit throwing a fit
i know i'm a bit flaky but they make me
its they who raised me and say the can take me
its they who legs i brake and make achy
its they who mistake me and make me so angry
 i'll spit on you
start pissing and do the opposite on you
you weren't listening, i said i'll cop a squat on you
start spilling my guts like chicken cordon blew and
straight shit like notorious b.i.g. did to that b****
on his skit on his last album
pull my pants down and..
chorus
is richard pryor still alive?
if not i'm sicker than he was prior to him dying born brainless, this steel ain't stainless
your bloodstains are all over this steel god dang it
b**** bring it, these n****s that i hang with
will hang you up naked by your ankles dangling
my need i stay strangling
i don't need your help
if you gon' give me the p****
i'll un loosen my belt i'll punch your daddy not, your mom's kinda cock
your sister tends court, your aunt supply her rocks
buck fifty cross your neck
floss your teck, i'll beat you with it across your chest
it's only right i jack your car keys and run
spent all of my advancements on weed and guns
for fun, when i'm drunk
i'll run a truck through the weed house
jump out and beat your peeps down worst than steve stout
put you in chokeholds i learned last week
from the police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep
i see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl
thats like d bo fightin peablo bryson so what you hollering and yelling about
i'll reach in your mouth and pull your f***ing skeleton out
n****s get hit with a two piece, ""bling bling""
with a poisonous sting
i'm such a violent thing
chorus
once i get on two, hits of x
my disk slips and disconnects
'till i walk around this b**** with a twisted neck
but still shit on the first b**** who disrespects
over reaction is my only reaction
which only sets off a chain reaction
and puts five more zainiac than maniacs in action
a rat pack in black jackets who pack ten
nine millimeters, five criminals pulling heaters
and spilling liters of blood like swimming pools
shiesty individuals shoot at b****es too a lot of people say misoginistic which is true
i can't deny it matter of fact i stand by it
so please stand by it before we start up a damn riot
if you don't wanna get stampeded then stand quiet
boy girl dog woman man child
i'll shit on you!
i will shit on you i don't care who you are
i'll shit on you
i don't give a f*** about you or your car
i'll shit on you
f*** your house, f*** your jewelry and f*** your watch
i'll shit on you
i will f*** you wife if you f*** with me
i'll shit on you
you heard me b****, i'll shit on you
d 12 will shit on you
i'll shit on you
your life
your wife
your kids
your car
i'll shit on you
your house
your spouse
your rings
your things
i'll shit on you
i'll shit on you
i'll shit on you
i'll shit on you"
"konvict
up front
akon
slim shady
i see the one
'cause she be that lady
chorus :
i feel you creepin', i can see from my shadow
wanna jump up in my lamborghini gallardo
maybe go to my place and just kick it like taebo
and possibly bend ya over
look back and watch me
smack that, all on the floor
smack that, give me some more
smack that, till you get sore
smack that, oooh
smack that, all on the floor
smack that, give me some more
smack that, till you get sore
smack that, oooh
upfront style ready to attack now
pull in the parking lot slow
with the lac down
convicts got the whole thing packed now
step in the club, the wardrobe intact now
i feel it, go on and crack now
all i see is all that back now
i'ma call her, then i put the mack down
money no problem, pocket full of that now
chorus
ooh...looks like another club banger
they better hang on
when they throw this thing on
get a lil drink on
they gonna flip for this akon shit
you can bank on it!
pedicure  kitty cat claws
the way she climbs up and down them poles
looking like one of them putty cat dolls
trying to hold my woodie back thru my steps upstage  think i saw
creeps up behind me, shes like 'yoo'
i'm like ya i know lets cut to the chase
no time to waste back to my place
plus from the club to the crib
it's like a mile away
 shall i say
plus i got pal  game
in fact he is the one singing
the song that's playing
'akon!'
chorus
eminem is rollin', d and em rollin' bo
and all marvelous them rolling
women just holding big booty rollin'
soon i'll be on eminem throwin 'd!'
hittin on less than 'three!'
block wheel style like 'whee!'
girl i can tell you want me because lately
chorus"
"still here, haters
whatcha gonna do it with it, a?
whatcha gonna do?
i keep the 40 cal on my side,
steppin with the mindstate of a mobster,
see a n**** pass by,
tuck your chain in cause he might rob ya,
got glocks for sale, red tops for sale,
anything that you need, believe me, i'm gon lace you,
just don't, whatever you do, snitch
cause you will get hit, pray i don't face you, yeah
it's risky, the b**** tend to rise out a n****
it's history, snitch, who decided he's a member
once he got pinched, coincided with law
same homie say he lay it down for the boy
brought game squad around ours
how could it be? been homies since superman draws
only foniness never came to par
he had us, a true neighborhood actor
had his back with k's
now we see through him like x ray's
cuffed in that adam car
no matter, his loss, we at him, it's war
knowing not to cross those resevoir dogs
you helped plant seeds just to be a vegetable
when we invest in team, it's to the death fo sho
no ex and oh's, tex calicos
aim at your chest nicca
we started out as a crew, in one speak, it's all honest
private conferences when we eat, benihana's
recondences when we peep enemies on us
been in these corners, sellin like anything on us
knowing heaven has shown us being devil's minors
that ain't got shit to do with the tea in china
we gon keep the grind up til death come find us
mean time leanin in them european whips reclined up
it's an eye for an eye for the riders
we ain't trying to get locked up, we soul survivors
po pos is cowards, there's no you, it's ours
we vow this, mixing yayo with soda powder
who woulda known he would fold and cower
once the captain showed, he sold whole mcdonalds
so...
nowadays, sammy da bull's got the game full
so he move to a rural area to keep cool
they snitchin on a snitch now, there's nothin to tell
nowadays, your circles should be small as hell
ain't tryin to meet new faces, this don't interest me
even if we bubble slow, we get it eventually
no penitentary, there will be no climincy
you will meet the lowest snitch in given us a century
these cats is rats now, the streets need decon
that's how they react now, weak when the heat's on em
stop snitchin, you asked for the life your living
this act is not permitted, nowhere on the map, it is
forbidden to send a n**** to prison if you been in it
along with em and then snitch and become hidden
so...
you rat bastard"
"yeah... haha, you feel that baby? yeah i feel it too
damn... you know, i'm so glad we can spend this time together
see, i'm not as crazy as you thought i was, am i? haha
i'm the american dream, i'm the definition of white trash ballin'
i'm right back on 'em with the i can't call it, same shit different toilet
oh yeah, got a nice ass darling
can't wait to get you into my benz, take you for aspin
what you mean we ain't f***in', you take me for a friend?
let me tell you the whole story of shady's origin
you'll be sorry if you slam my mercedes door again
now, it all started with my father
i must've got my pimpin' jeans from him, the way he left my momma
i'ma rolling stone just like him, word to johnny drama
keep my entourage with me, baby i'll make a promise
there ain't nobody as bomb as... me, i'm as calm as the breeze
i'm the bee's knees, his legs and his arms
i'm a superstar, girl i'm ready for ya momma
why you think the only thing i got on is my pajamas
so bad, i'm so good that i'm so bad
i guarantee i'll be the greatest thing you ever had
cause you ain't ever met nobody like me
and you ain't gonna wanna f*** nobody else again
so bad, i'm so good that i'm so bad
i guarantee i'll be the greatest thing you ever had
cause you ain't ever met nobody like me
and you ain't gonna wanna f*** nobody else again
i'm equivalent to a shot of cuervo
first to kiss you naval, work my way down
baby you can lay down on the table
but you may wanna find something more stable
i told ya i ain't fooling from the gate, this ain't the first day of april
but thank you for staying april
i'mma make you learn to appreciate me, differentiate me
from these phoney lil fishy and sissy fake g's
skip over the huggie bear, and all the kissy face please
initiate phase three, missy now service me
take another shot of jeiger, shake it so nervously
take your time baby, oh you're the bomb baby
ooh you're doing that even better than your mum lady
i told you i'm shady, you didn't listen now, did ya?
relax woman, you know that i'm only kidding witcha
got a twisted sense of humour, it's warped but i didn't hit ya
i think you're finally starting to get the picture, i'm just
so bad, i'm so good that i'm so bad
i guarantee i'll be the greatest thing you ever had
cause you ain't ever met nobody like me
and you ain't gonna wanna f*** nobody else again
so bad, i'm so good that i'm so bad
i guarantee i'll be the greatest thing you ever had
cause you ain't ever met nobody like me
and you ain't gonna wanna f*** nobody else again
call me dynamite, dynamite, dynamite.. so!
call me dynamite, dynamite, dynamite.. so!
i can hold you in the morning, but in the evening, i gotta go
cause i'm on to the next girl, and the next girl, i kinda like oh, oh, oh
i got you caught up in the rapture
make you recapture the feelings you had for
your last boyfriend before he slapped ya
you never wanted someone so bad ya
sweating, but if i'm what you wanted
why'd you panic when i grabbed ya
girl don't be so frantic, i'm just a hopeless romantic
don't try to fight the feeling of something this so organic
you can't ignore it so just stand before it
just drop them panties to the floor, let's get to camcordin'
damn shawty, i told you this is bound to happen
soon as you wrote your number on a napkin
i was bound to work a number on your back and
throw your spine out of alignement
my love has got you so blind
that you couldn't pick anyone else out of a line up
so stop with the stall, pick your pint up
let's get the pineapple snapz going
no one'll knock cause i'm gonna hang a sign up
saying don't disturb, shawty i'm so superb
i say the right things, don't i spit the dopest words?
so bad, i'm so good that i'm so bad
i guarantee i'll be the greatest thing you ever had
cause you ain't ever met nobody like me
and you ain't gonna wanna f*** nobody else again
so bad, i'm so good that i'm so bad
i guarantee i'll be the greatest thing you ever had
cause you ain't ever met nobody like me
and you ain't gonna wanna f*** nobody else again
call me dynamite, dynamite, dynamite.. so!
call me dynamite, dynamite, dynamite.. so!
i can hold you in the morning, but in the evening, i gotta go
cause i'm on to the next girl, and the next girl, i kinda like oh, oh, oh
so bad, i'm so good that i'm so bad
i guarantee i'll be the greatest thing you ever had
cause you ain't ever met nobody like me
and you ain't gonna wanna f*** nobody else again
so bad, i'm so good that i'm so bad
i guarantee i'll be the greatest thing you ever had
cause you ain't ever met nobody like me
and you ain't gonna wanna f*** nobody else again
haha, dr. dre... 2010, lightyears ahead of you... woooo!"
"i own a mansion, but live in a house
a king size bed, but i sleep on the couch
i'm mr. brightside, glass is half full
but my tank is half empty, gas kit just blew
this always happens, 30 minutes from home
gotta lay a long cable
and only option i have is mcdonald's bathroom
in a public stall dropping a football
so every time someone walks in the john like at madden
''shady, what up? ''  what? come on, man, i'm crapping
and you're asking me for my godamn autograph on a napkin?
oh, that's odd, i just happened to run out of tissue
yeah, hand me that, on second thought i'd be glad then
''thanks, dawg, name's todd, a big fan''
i wiped my ass with it, crumbled it up  back and
told him ''todd, you're the shit''
when does all of this crap end?
can't park my  without causing an accident
puff my gas, cut my grass, can't take out the f***ing trash
without someone passing through my sub harassing
i'd count my blessings, but i suck at math
i'd rather wallow then bass suffering from succotash
but the  is my stomach as
i mix my corn with my f***ing mash
potato, so what, ho, kiss my country bucking ass
missouri southern roots, what the f*** is up with glass?
call lunch dinner, call dinner supper
tupperware in a covered plastic wear up the ass
stuck in the past, ipod, what the f*** is that?
b boy to the core, mule, i'm a stubborn ass
maybe that's why i feel so strange
got it all, but i still won't change
maybe that's why i can't leave detroit
it's the motivation that keeps me going
this is the inspiration i need
i can never turn my back on a city that made me
they call me  , i heard that, i second and third that
don't know what the f*** i would doing if it weren't rap
probably be a giant turd sack
but i blew, never turned back
turned 40 and still sag
teenagers act more f***ing mature, jack
f*** you gonna say to me?
i live on my own terms, asshole, i'm going berzerk
my nerves are bad, but i love the perks my work has
i get to meet famous people, look at her, dad
her eyeliners ran, her skirt snag
and i heard she drag races, burp* swag
f***ing my hanes shirt tag
you're danica patrick  work, skag
we'd be the perfect match
cause you're a vacuum, i'm a dirtbag
my apologies, no disrespect to technology
but what the heck is all of these buttons?
you expect me to sit here and learn that?
f*** i gotta do to hear this new song from luda?
be and expert at computers?
i'd rather be an encyclopedia  playstation
i'm still on my first manual from zelda
nintendo, b****, run, jump, punch, stab and i melt the
mozzarella on my spaghetti, put in on bread
make a sandwich with  and belts
they say it's  , but it's bad for my health
but i think there's more white trash from the trailer
 welfare mentality helps to keep me grounded
that's why i never take full advantage of wealth
i managed to dwell within these perimeters
still cramming the shells full of hamburger helper
i can't even help it, this is the hand i was dealt to
 a habit, feel like i'm trapped in an animal shelter
with all these pet peeves
got dammit to hell
i can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones
i can't go anywhere, i get so mad i can yell the
other day someone got little elaborate
and stuck a f***ing dead cat in my mailbox
went to burger king, they spit on my onion rings
i think my karma is catching up with me
maybe that's why i feel so strange
got it all, but i still won't change
maybe that's why i can't leave detroit
it's the motivation that keeps me going
this is the inspiration i need
i can never turn my back on a city that made me
got friends on facebook, all over the world
not sure what that means, they tell me it's good
so i'm artist of the decade, i even got a plaque
i'd hang it up, but the frame is all cracked
trying to be lowkey, hopefully nobody notices me
 got punched over, giant nosebleed
as i mosey over to the frozen isle
by the frozen yogurt this guy approached me
embarrassed, i just did  america with hova
show's over, i'm hiding in  buying groceries
he had front row seats, told me to sign this poster
then insults me ''wow, up close
didn't know you had gross feet''
still shopping at costco
sloppy joe's, buck waffles
got caught picking my nose, ah
look over see these two hot hoes
finger still stuck up in one of my nostrils
right next to him stuck at the light
this f***ing shit is taking forever to change
i'm stuck, these b****es are loving it rubbing it in
couldn't do nothing, play it off
''what you bumping? trunk muzik? yelawolf's better''
f***ing b****
they want me to flip at the label, but i won't succumb to it
the pressure, they want me to follow up
with another one after recovery
so highly coveted, but what good is a f***ing recovery
if i fumble it?
cause i'mma drop the ball if i don't get to quit
on you sons of b****es
quit snapping pictures of my f***ing kids
i love my  , but you push me to my limit, what a pity
the shit i complain about
it's like there ain't a cloud in the sky and it's raining out
kool aid stain on the couch, i'd never get it out
b****, i got an elevator in my house
 i'm living the dream"
"pick up the god dang phone
b**** where the f*** were you tuesday?
with who you say?
i wasn't at the studio
b**** what'd you do screw dre?
you went there looking for me
oo that excuse is too lame
keep playing me you're gonna end up
with a huge goose egg
you fake, lying slut you never told me you knew drake
que lupe? you want to lose two legs
you try to flip this on me?
if i spent more time with you, you say
""ok yeeah, i'm cuckoo, hey? "" well, screw you
and i'd be the third person who screwed you today
oh, four? dre, drake, lupe? oh touche
you were too two faced for me
thought you was my number one
true blueace but you ain't
and i can see you and you make
that little boo boo face
cause i'm hanging up this phone, boo
you make my f***ing bluetooth ache
you feeling blue too late
go smurf yourself you make me wanna smurfin' puke
blue kool aid
here's what you say to someone you hate
my life will be so much better if you dropped dead i was laying in bed last night thinking
and this thought just popped in my head and i thought
wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead i would feel so  much  better x3
think i just relapsed, this b**** pushed me over the brink
hop on the freeway trying to get some time alone
and just think
then the cops pulled me over but they let me go
cause i told 'em i'm only driving drunk
cause that b**** drove me to drink
i'm back on my f*** ho's
but a whole new hatred for blondes, but bias?
i hate all b****es the same, baby come on
excuse the pun but b**** you're such a broad statement
and i am channeling my anger
through every single station it's on
cause a woman broke my he art
i say he art cause you ripped it in two pa arts
and threw it in the garbage, who do you think you are?
b**** guess it's time for me to get the dust off
and pick myself up off the carpet
but i'll never say the l word again
i la la la la lesbian
i hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
my life would be so much better if you just
my life will be so much better if you dropped dead i was laying in bed last night thinking
and this thought just popped in my head and i thought
wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead i would feel so  much  better x3
cuz you told me, you love me, forever
b****, that was a lie
now i never, wanted someone, to die
so bad in my f***ing life but f*** it
there's other fish in the sea
and i'mma have a whale of a time
being a single sailor for the night
b**** on a scale of 1 to 10, shit
i must be the holy grail of catches
ho, i got an oscar attached to my f***ing name i might hit the club, find a chick that's tailor made for me
say f*** it kick some shots back
get hammered and nail her
these b****es tryna get attached but they're failing
to latch onto the tail of my bumper
to scratch them with the back of my trailer
like i'm itchin' to get hitched
yeah i'm rich as a b**** but b****es ain't shit
i'd rather leave a b**** in a ditch
b**** you complain when you listen to this
but you still throw yourself at me
that's what i call pitchin' a b****
that's why i'm swinging at this chicks on sight
long as i got a bat and two balls it's foul
but my d***'s on strike so all that love shit is null and void
b**** i'm a droid, i void cupid stupid
wasn't for blowjobs you'd be unemployed
oi oi oi, man oh man, you boy boy boys
getting sick of these girls girls girls
oink oink oink you f***ing pigs
all you good boys doink doink doink
i got 99 problems and the b**** ain't one
she's all 99 of them i need a machine gun
i take em all out i hope you hear this song
and go into a cardiac arrest, have a heart attack
and just drop dead and i'mma throw a f***ing party
after this cause
my life will be so much better if you dropped dead i was laying in bed last night thinking
and this thought just popped in my head and i thought
wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead i would feel so  much  better x3
i'm just playing b****, you know i love you"
"roger : skylar montgomery?
montgomery : what do you want from me roger?
roger : i know it was you all along messing around with my dear veronica!
montgomery : wait a minute, you hold hold it right there. me and that woman
love each other.
roger : love? what do you know of love?
montgomery : we were destined to be together. i met her on the beach...!
roger :are you out to destroy me?
montgomery : no roger. that's not what i want to do.
roger : i love her! and were going to be together."
"i'm a soldier x4
verse 1
yo... never was a thug, just infatuated with guns, never was a gangsta, till i graduated to one/and got the rep of a villain, for weapon concealin'. took the image of a thug, kept shit appealin'/willin' to stick out my neck, for respect if it meant life or death, never live to regret what i said/when you're me, people just want to see, if its true, if its you, what you say in your rap's, what you do/ so they feel, as part of your obligation to fulfill, when they see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real/in confrontation ain't no conversation, if you feel you're in violation, any hesitation'll get you killed/if you feel it, kill it, if you conceal it, reveal it. being reasonable will leave you full of bullets, pull it, squeeze it/ till its empty, tempt me, push me, pussies, i need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze...
chorus
i'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much, they won't budge, i'll never fall or fold up/i'm a soldier, even if my collar bones crush or crumble, i will never slip or stumble/i'm a soldier, these shoulders hold up so much, they won't budge, i'll never fall or fold up/i'm a soldier, even if my collar bones crush or crumble, i will never stumble
verse 2
i love pissin' you off, it gets me off, like my lawyers, when the f***in' judge lets me off/all you motherf***as gotta do is set me off, i'll violate and all the motherf***in' bets be off/i'm a lit fuse, anything i do bring it's news, pistol whippin' motherf***in' bouncers, six two, who needs bullets?/ soon as i pull it, you sweat bullets, an excellent method to get rid of the next bully/it's actually better cause instead you murderin', you can hurt em' and come back again and kick dirt at em/it's like pourin' salt in the wounds, assault and get sued, you can smell the lawsuits soon as i waltz in the room/everybody halts and stops, calls the cops, all you see is b****es comin' out their halter tops/runnin' and duckin' out to the hot rocks parking lot, you'll all get shot whether its your fault or not, cus...
chorus
verse 3
i spit it slow so these kids know that i'm talkin' to em, give it back to these damn critics and sock it to em/i'm like a thug, with a little bit of pac influence, i spew it, and look how i got you b****es rockin' to it/you motherf***as could never do it like i could do it, don't even try it, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it/don't ever in your life, try to knock the truest, i spit the illest shit, ever been dropped to two inch/ so ticky tock listen as the sound ticks on the clock, listen to the sound of kim as she licks on a cock/listen to the sound of me spillin' my heart through this pen, motherf***ers know that i'll never be marshall again/full of controversy until i retire my jersey, till the fire inside dies and expires at thirty/and lord have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me, and put a curse on authorities in the face of adversity/i'm a...
chorus
yo left, yo left, yo left, right, left x4"
"never had a dog just infatuated with goats
was a virgin till i stuffed my cock in one of their throats
but billy goat had a thang
for sucking my wang
and i could hold on to his horns
when i decided to bang him
i tried to threesome once with sheep
but their holes were not deep
lambchop was too f***in shallow so i said
""b**** cant you see you're not the one for me
and it's true that i will never love you""
and i feel it's part of my obligation to fulfill
the fantasies of a goat and to make his dreams come real
no hesitation ain't no problem for me to get laid
and i feel safe f***ing goats because i know i wont get aids
if you can catch it screw it
if it feels good do it
being fashionable will leave it full of jizz
so make him suck until you're empty
if you tempt me i'll push goat p****"
"aight listen …. sometimes you’ve got to turn the beat up cuz its sick
listen … f*** it , just let me spit….
yow……
here goes ….
sometimes i feel like hurting the people who hurted me
or even murder them, see
am a renegade ,revenge is what i need
am not the type who smokes weed to impress
i would smoke it cuz am depressed
but i don’t need drugs to make new friends
like all the rest of you f**ots think
sometimes am starting to scrabble shit
but just can’t finish it of
and when it looks ready am trying to spit it
but keep forgetting the words
sometimes we’ve got to see the difference between
real life and music and what’s on our mind
sometimes we’ve got to leave the misery behind
and read between the lines
sometimes we even got to drive trough red lights
and kill mic’s we might wanna answer some questions right
sometimes when am alone am starting to think
why do i even exist i’ve got nothing to bring
and in class am the weakest link and then am starting to sing
but i want ya’ll people to realize and starting to see
that somewhere deep down there’s a decent human being in me
sometimes when am alone i feel like quitting this life
but then i realize that it aint right
some shit reminds me of the dad i never had
why do i keep running from what i needed so bad
sometimes i think life’s a game
and everybody’s a player who got
something to bring or something to say
we got prayers, cops, waitresses even snobs
who stink in there jobs but still get paid a lot
sometimes life’s f***ed up….
sometimes we’ve got to see the difference between
real life and music and what’s on our mind
sometimes we’ve got to leave the misery behind
and read between the lines
sometimes we even got to drive trough red lights
and kill mic’s we might wanna answer some questions right"
"i get to busting like i'm a thirty aught six
when i'm rippin' the beat up but then i heard ya' got pissed
when i got at the top, they made it pretty hot
cuz they knowin that tecca ninna's the dirty chop
he's handle, homes here, he's a handful
hoving the holly hovery, hollin', go ham though
i said to seven ""richard havens'll be the man""
so we put it together thinking eminem was a gamble
guess not, cause he be the guest spot
kaliko said, ""what we doin'? "" i said to 'im, ""let's chop""
so now the people finally get three of the best locked
never be another choppers comin' so let's rock, n****
you're on, people got to wondering if its a for sure song
yes i got another killer making a tour strong
if you thinking of battling   you're gone!
nobody can catch up with me cuz i'm speedy gonzalez
beatin' the problem
and if ya got your feet in your mouth
you gon' have to be at the bottom
it's a lot of 'em and i mean a lot of 'em
and me and nina used to follow and this is it man, the hitman, the it man, karate 'em
and the fans, will lift hands, we'll be dancin' out of 'em
and  in advance, to withstand the pile of 'em
who stands with two hands to move in the crowd of 'em
if i ain't makin' sense then you better sample
the amp of it like the bass
it ain't ever been  , i heat 'em, i beat 'em, i burn 'em
then i let 'em out
they never heard of us but look at me, i'm turnin' up
i slap the shirt off a super symbol to make up a when i'm flippin, n****s be feminine
i said the purpose to pick a pen
and reverse the conditions i'm livin' in
and do bigger numbers than eminem
gotta be fast so i smash on a n****
with half the cash i'm a little sicker
quicker than your figure
 i make 'em shiver bigger than the winter
if you half ass delivering i'ma eat your dinner
better than  i mean other guys
i jump around so do that mean that i'm rubberized?
me and n9ne master, meaning we murderize
we bleed 'em, beat 'em, 'til they  , seat 'em
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
sometimes, i feel
like i'll never slow down
worldwide choppers
sometimes, i feel
like i'll never slow down
worldwide choppers
wait! before i wreck this beat, let me just check to see
if stephanie mills left any extra refills of ecstacy
pills next to me
in the seats spilled, or did she eat 'em all
with a breakfast drink in the habit of grabbin' a mic and babblin', i dabble in lights
but i might just swallow my f***in' ritalin tablet
after the night
i'm grabbin' it right from the medicine cabinet
cause that's what it's like
and attack it like a dragon and bite
 backpack on the right
just stick a pin up inside a finnegan's diner
with a cigarette lighter
thinkin' of tryna set a  in the fire
that'll trigger the sprinkler system
and i'd escape but the getaway driver screwed up my limo
collided with the cement divider
i went through the window
and ended up bein' pinned beside of friend of the guy's wife
friend of the flight attendant from idaho
so i pick up a pen, i'm venomous and i'm as thick as skin
like an evil dentist hygienist, sinister
you've been yelling demented, i invented this
i'm the genesis, eminem is a nemesis to a feminist
f***in' smart, i look degenerate
i got ellen degeneres tryna tell me
these men are just full of jealousy
envious of female independence
head with a clitoris, hit or miss you
never consider this a bit of disappointment
i'll never fail to deliver this
whatever the weather in this'll be just like
a certificate of authenticity
that i'm thinkin' about just tryna think of the quickest
and sickest way for 'em to pick it
i pick a day to be picked and in the back of a  unforgettable
better believe these beats are edible
i consider loose leaf a vegetable
and i stalk my prey
you think you got away but not today
murder you on a song and then i'll just say
i was with dr. dre and robert blake
eatin' lobster, steak and coffee cake
at a restaurant with drake
and tech just got to make sure that our stories corroborate
i'm a lot to take like kanye
walking up on the stage for beyonce
like it's my job to say that you're not a real artist
but it's my obligation
honest abe is on his way you will not escape
ammunition, replenish the punisher with his gun at your and a clip on that which motherf***ers better run
if you're not lookin' to get run over by the roadrunner
no wonder don't no one wanna go
and jump in front of a f***in' runaway locomotive
or get thrown up under it just tryna f*** with 'em
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
sometimes, i feel
like i'll never slow down
worldwide choppers
sometimes, i feel
like i'll never slow down
worldwide choppers
i'm the fury, the final fight
i flip it on fraudulent fellas for feelin' fright
i flick it on fire, finish him when the flow in flight
feminine fakers fall, i'm floggin' a foe with a fife
never forget it, i severed the head of a critic
i sped up and did it, you tripping to be a dead epidemic
or wet up a clinic, and make a bloody redder percentage
of an addict whose having to get the lid of a cynic
i was never the devil, i put up a fight in the industry
peddle the metal, we giving a lot of, lot of energy
we repping, beat checking, if he's the evil enemy it'll be over
wanna get down in front of your town
you ever making fun of the clown, i'm gunning you down
we doing it under the ground, a wonderful sound
if anybody come at the hound, don't wanna be found, b****
will never be chopping without slick rick
i got it from the record, lick the balls and this d***
if you never listen to me, you musical misfit
nah, cause every time i be dropping i get bit
i'm hearing a lot of rappers, they trying to spit quick
but the middle west got 'em, we killing 'em in this b****
if you ain't in my circle of choppers you miss d***
cause me and my n**** twista ruler, and that's it
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
speedom!
sometimes, i feel
like i'll never slow down
worldwide choppers
sometimes, i feel
like i'll never slow down
worldwide choppers"
"verse 1
i 'ma clean this whole shit out like climax,
with words put togeather better then sony electronics,
king of the jungle, humbly stay honest,
eat with the lions, swim with peranas,
gassoline the scene, strike the match,
inferno, i'm to throue n****, so stand back,
i spit shine, get mine and rip rhyme
and make my career take a incline,
i'm strick with knives, straight with razors,
good with grenades and great with gadges, been around the world on a million stages,
watch n****'s b**** up and go through changes,
i had gun's before guns was in fashion,
i mashed out before n****s knew mashin,
i knew terror before the plane started crashin,
i got punch lines and n****'s aint laughin...
chorus
i'm gon be here after the smoke dye down,
insomnia style i won't lye down,
fight the good fight don't need no help,
keep your hands up defend yourself,
move like i move and live lifelong ,
can't move up if your hearts not strong,
get your own shit cause this shit's mine,
every time i spit, i shine
verse 2
cock sucker i preach what i practise,
back shit up, wrap this, rap shit up,
still actin up, get found in the trunk of an acuva,
yall suck like jail in dracula,
x turn up the heat, increase the hatred,
straight stone face don't f*** with g** shit,
so i guess that means i cant f*** with you now,
drew down, let off, facate to new town,
you feel like bishop, induced now,
gotta flame thrower that will burn
great holes till you goose down, rough sound, same strong background,
bent on black the big boys playin tips down,
my whole train of thought is the party,
any motherf***er with problems and not get caught,
i was blessed with life when i cursed to death,
i'm a spit till my very last breath...
chorus
verse 3
let me get a three second look, i hit a million dollar target,
you ain't came up yet well n****' let me show ya, come across dope like planes and boats,
like baloons filled with coke, down a mexican's throat,
you ever seen a man get smoked and shit on himself,
the body shake for a second, then it can't stop a second,
the evidence are the weapon and the people involved,
let one n**** talk, everybody gettin caught, for sure,
i say that, to say this,
if you cant handle the time then ride the beach,
might as well touch your tail and jump the fence,
castrate yourself expose the b****,
x go head up, the f*** never ran from it,
i got engadged with buck shots that you can't stomach,
you ain't a killer you a album filler,
you ain't a soldier you a rap premoter,
game over...
chorus"
"people! it feels so good to be back
ladies and gentleman, introducing the new and improved,
you know who
never been the type to bend or budge
the wrong button to push, no friend of bush
i'm the centerpiece, you're a maltese
i'm a pitbull off his leash,
all this peace talk can cease
all these people i had to leave in limbo
i'm back now, i've come to release this info
so i'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple
canib**** don't want no beef with slim, nooooo!
not even on my radar
so won't you please jump off my d***, lay off and stay off
and follow me as i put these crayons to chaos
from seance to seance
aw a aw ch a aw
c'mon now, let's all get on down
let's do si do now
we gon' have a good time
don't be scared, cause there ain't nothing to worry about
let your hair down
and square dance with me!
yeah, let your hair down to the track, yeah kick on back
boo! the boogie monster of rap, yeah the man's back
with a plan to ambush this bush administration
mush the senate's face and push this generation
of kids to stand and fight for the right to say
something you might not like
this white hot light that i'm under,
no wonder i look so sunburnt
oh no, i won't leave no stone unturned
oh no, i won't leave, won't go nowhere
do si do, oh, yo, ho, hello there
oh yeah, don't think i won't go there
go to the beirut and do a show there
yeah you laugh till your mothaf***ing ass gets drafted
while you're at band camp
thinking that crap can't happen
till you f*** around, get an anthrax napkin
inside a package wrapped in saran wrap wrappin'
open the plastic and then you stand back gaspin'
f***ing assassins hi jackin' amtrak's
crashin' all this terror, america demands action
next thing you know you've got uncle sam's ass askin'
to join the army or what you'll do for their navy
you just a baby getting recruited at 18
you're on a plane now, eating their food and their baked beans
i'm 28, they gonna take you 'fore they take me
crazy insane or insane crazy?
when i say hussein, you say shady
my views ain't changed, still inhumane, wait
arraigned two days late, the date's today, hang me!
nothing moves me more than a groove that soothes me
nothing soothes me more than a groove that boosts me
nothing boosts me more or suits me beautifully
there's nothing you can do to me,
stab me, shoot me
psychotic, hypnotic, product i got the antibiotic
ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada
god i talk a lot of hem de lay la la la
oochie walla walla um da dah da dah da
but you gotta gotta
keep moving, there's more music to make
keep making new shit, produce hits to break
the monotony, what's gotten into me?
drugs, rock and hennessey,
thug like i'm 'pac on my enemies
on your knees, got you under siege
somebody you would give a lung to be
hungry like a f***ing younger me
f*** the fee, i can get you jumped for free
yeah buddy, laugh it's funny
i have the money to have you killed by somebody who has nothin'
i'm past bluffing
pass the k y, let's get ready for some intense serious ass whooping!
dr. dre wants to square dance with me
nasty nas wants to square dance with me
x to the z wants to square dance with me
busta rhymes wants to square dance with me
can a b**** won't square dance with me
fan a b**** won't square dance with me
canada bis don't want no parts of me
dirty dozen wants to square dance with you
yeeehawww!"
"yep yo
follow me
come with me to the dark side of the force
no man would vote to go to this place
the devil only knows of this world so dark
and oh so cold its oh so cold oh so cold oh so...
soon as my flow starts
i compose art like the ghost of mozart
even tho they all say that they're real
i know that most aren't
boy you think you're clever don't ya
girl you think your so smart
come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
stay wide awake
a world so dark
a world so cold
a world where only some will go
but not return when will they learn
were do they go god only knows
stay wide awake
fe fi fo fum
i think i smell the scent of a placenta
i enter central park its dark its winter in december
i see my target with my car and park it at a poacha tenda
young girl by the name of brenda and i pretend to be friend her
i sit down beside her like a spider hi there girl you mighta
heard of me before see whore your the girl that ida
assault and rape and figure why not try to make your p**** wida
f*** you with ad the umbrella and open it up while the shits inside ya
im the kinda guy thats mild but i mite blip in get a little bit wilda
impregnate a lesbian gal and lets see ya have triplets and milda
incinegrate them babies as soon as that out ho with formalda
hide in cyanide girl you can try and hide you can try to scream louda
no need for no gun powder that only takes the fun outta
murderin id rather go vinn vinn and now you see just how the
f*** i do just what i do when i cut right thru your scalp uh...
shit wait a minute i mean skull my knife seems dull
pull another one out uh
soon as my flow starts
i compose art like the ghost of mozart
even tho they all say that they're real
i know that most aren't
boy you think you're clever don't ya
girl you think your so smart
come with me to another side in a world so cold there so dark
stay wide awake
a world so dark
a world so cold
a world where only some will go
but not return when will they learn
were do they go god only knows
stay wide awake
so dark and so cold my friends dont know this other side of me
theres a monster inside of me its quite ugly and it fright uns me
but they cant see what i can see theres a vacancy in my tummy
its making me play hide and seek like jason im so hungry
shes naked see no privacy but i can see she wants me
so patiently i try to be but see why does she taunt me
pull the drapes and she goes rite to sleep
and i creep rite thru the front seat
so patently but silently cuz i know that shes sound asleep
whos wakin me so violently nd why is he on top of me
hes rapin me she trys to scream somebody please get him off me
he's taping me he's biting me hes laughin likes its funny
she's scrapin me shes fightin me shes scratching like some dumb freak
scapin me no vicousy i might just be ted bundy
or satin gee what a site to see im dancin in my red panties
im crazy but its alight with me nd life can be so empty
stay away from cuz im dancin to quite a different drum beat
soon as my flow starts
i compose art like the ghost of mozart
even tho they all say that they're real
i know that most aren't
boy you think you're clever don't ya
girl you think you're so smart
come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
stay wide awake
a world so dark
a world so cold
a world where only some will go
but not return when will they learn
were do they go god only knows
stay wide awake
but i tried to stay wide awake coud u might be found dead by the lake
soon as you let me bound to sleep b**** so long ima try to take
play for lite today rite to way why do they try to fight today
i must make them pay twice as much mite as well put the knife away
now i use power tools how bout now why u in the shower
scower u for 6 hours till ill teach you power outlets
how did ya figure out i was down in your basement now ya
musta just heard the sound of my stomach growlin from down there
positive theres no one fowla down here thats how they found ya
face down in the tub i drown you with powtha down as around ya
such a style that impowers such powers look how you cower
jumped out on you now like i was a jaawa from f***n star wars
jabba the hut be de ba ba be de ba ba its time to die die
aught to not even botha to scream it dont even matta
amazing when raising skin with these razor blades he raves at ya
not ya everyday damien bathe me holy water
notin like somethin to say so please undastand theres no runnin him
wheres the thrill in a hunt theres no fun in that here i come wit axe
once i act like lumberjack when im hackin him up with that
what was that dial 911 someone is comin in from the back
soon as my flow starts
i compose art like the ghost of mozart
even tho they all say that they're real
i know that most aren't
boy you think you're clever don't ya
girl you think your so smart
come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
stay wide awake
a world so dark
a world so cold
a world where only some will go
but not return when will they learn
were do they go god only knows
stay wide awake
by: fii"
"ayo
my, my stepdad
i, i hate
my, my stepdad
one thing that sticks in my craw
when i was six
and i saw my stepfather hittin' my ma
socked her right in her eyeball
i'm startin' to think i'm psychotic
with all the pictures i draw of
shit that i've already witnessed
it's probably twisted my thoughts
all i can hear is drama with mom and him
i can always hear 'em arguin' down the hallways
the walls are thin so the noise
is startin' to feel like the norm
our dog pissed on the carpet
he stomped it so hard
doctors had to put it down
he killed my chihuahua, this motherf***er!
i, i, hate
my, my stepdad so tonight i'm sayin', ""bye bye stepdad"" 
outside, i look like i'm calm
inside, i'm a tickin' time bomb
'cause of this motherf***er
who sticks his d*** in my mom last night, he said i left the kitchen light on
but he walked in there this morning
and purposely flipped it, i saw him
hickory switch to my bottom
i counted sixty nine times
he swatted me with it, i'd cry
he just started hittin' me harder
god, i wish i could just jaw him
if i could get my weight up
but i'm just a second grader
this prick is bigger than i am
but i've been readin' at school
about this shit called liquid cyanide
i'm fantasizin' at night
when he's sleepin' at just the right time
sneak up with a lethal injection
and put him down like they did to my dog
i'm talkin' euthanasia like kids in taiwan
this f***in' shit's like saigon neighbors called police on him
so many battery charges, this dude's like lithium ion
then mom and him let bygones just be bygones
so on eggshells
i walk and just try not to piss this guy off
but this is why i
i, i, hate
my, my stepdad so tonight i'm sayin', ""bye bye stepdad"" 
so this year, i'm goin' into the fifth and i'm tall
i'm five foot six on my block
i'm the toughest kid but i got
way bigger fish to fry
which is why i'm tryin' to get this b**** to fly off
the handle and wait for the fist
to fly to put this guy in a pine box
he's always lookin' for chaos
but tonight i've cooked up a plan
so this christmas
i got some color books and some crayons
i'm layin' on the floor, in the living room
with some friends colorin'
he walks by, kicks my arm
and goes, ""oops"" and just laughs
i yelled for mom and as she's rushin' to my defense
i stood up and said
""f*** you, punk"" and i took off and ran
to my bedroom, as i fled
knowin' shit would hit the fan
slammed the door and hid behind it with an aluminum bat
he kicked it in
i swung it hard as i could at his head
his noodle went splat
he fell right at the foot of my bed
i'm a little bit scared
but my anger's overtooken the fear
i threw down the bat
and just started whoopin' his ass
beat him with my bare hands
the big bad wolf ain't so bad
""ding dong, "" the p**** is dead
the bully finally gets his
stomped him until he pissed
enough to fill a two liter with
then buried him next to my dog
and if i go to juvie for this
i'ma tell 'em
i, i, hate
my, my stepdad so tonight i'm sayin', ""bye bye stepdad"" 'cause i, i, hate
my, my stepdad so tonight i'm sayin', ""bye bye stepdad"" "
"get up
dad, what?
what'd i f***in' tell you about turnin' off the lights?
don't f***in' lie to me
i told you f***in' don't touch
turn the f***in' lights off don't you f***in' lie, you little f***er don't you f***in' lie to me "
"its 2002, everything was totally new
we were globally huge
watching sales go through the roof
we wrote and we viewed it
runyon avenue soldiers included
a multitude of homies who would bounce
for no good excuse
we were so bulletproof wrote, souped
and soaked in our youth
thought we was running shit
till we lost the sole of our shoe
the death of doody broke us in two
we were thrown for a loop, ain't none of us know what to do
and at the time i was going through my own struggles too
so i wasn't in no condition to be coaching us through
everyone tried to go solo, really nobody blew
i was hoping they do
so i ain't have to shoulder the group
the plan was put everyone in position
so that they knew how to stand on they own
and i don't want to open up wounds
i just noticed the oomf was gone when we go in the booth
cause the truth is the moment that proof died
so did the group
if i could leave this all behind
i could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line
down to the river with you
help me leave this all behind
i'ma wash away my sins
i'ma rinse away this dirt
i forgot to make amends
to all the friends i may have hurt
i better stop and say my grace
from that i pray that i don't fall
'cause on the way back down i may
may end up running back into them all
i never meant to use you all as my stepping stones
it was never the same, and it's bothered me since
and the farther we drift apart the more awkward it gets
the more time goes by, the more life happens
and we gotta be men, we got responsibilities
plus we don't say how we feel
and i feel like this is what got us in
the debacle we're in
been with you guys thick and thin
but it's almost as if sometimes we're not even friends
which reminded me biz, rockstar was the shit
y'all could've got you a hit without me on the shit
if you've put d12 on it, wish i could've did
more than try talking you into coming up off of it
i know it wasn't my fault, but part of it probably is
i think of all of the trips to bet and the rappers
i wish that we would've politicked with
maybe y'all coulda clicked and got you some features
but that's water under the bridge
but i'm washing my sins in it
til my conscious is clear
if i could leave this all behind
i could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line
down to the river with you
help me leave this all behind
i'ma wash away my sins
i'ma rinse away this dirt
i forgot to make amends
to all the friends i may have hurt
i better stop and say my grace
from that i pray that i don't fall
'cause on the way back down i may
may end up running back into them all
i never meant to use you all as my stepping stones
bacardi in hand
never thought the party would end
one minute you're bodyin' shit
but then your audience splits
you can already sense the climate is starting to shift
to these kids you no longer exist
went from rainin' cats and dogs in this b****
to tiny drops full of drips
and by the time your reign is over, you'll hardly be missed
you start thinkin' of all the artists you gift
all the carnage you left
is this the kinda karma you get?
for turning your f***in' back on bizzy, kuniva and swift
a freudian slip
subconsciously, i honestly wished
i ain't feel so much guilt and y'all didn't harbor resentment
but it's hard to pretend that y'all ain't got none of this
wish i had words
but i guess there just are none for this
still, my point is i just can't say how sorry i am
this is not how i planned for our story to end
i love all of you, men
but i just can't be the guy
everybody depends on for entire careers
'cause that's not even fair
i will always be here
but that spark isn't there
and i don't know how to recapture that time and that air
i've tried hearkening back to
but i'm fighting for air
i'm barely charting myself
feels like i'm under the sink
but it was not my intent
to treat y'all like a stepping stone
though i ain't left no one behind
but we been down every road
done all we possibly can
i know we kept up our hopes up
but the longer we spend livin' this lie that we live
the less is left for closure, so let's let this go
it's not goodbye to our friendship, but d12 is over
i'ma wash away my sins
i'ma rinse away this dirt
i forgot to make amends
to all the friends i may have hurt
i better stop and say my grace
from that i pray that i don't fall
'cause on the way back down i may
may end up running back into them all
i never meant to use you all as my stepping stones
i never meant to make you feel like my stepping stones
i never meant to use you all for my stepping stones"
" this muthaf***a man...
 it's ridiculous! i can't believe it!! hold on... em...
 what up?
 have a seat�dre, i'll call you back
 what now???
 i don't even know where to start
 okay...
 i got the album from upstairs...
 and...
 and this is by far, the most,...
incredible thing... i've ever... heard..."
"em: heey!
sb: hey em, what's up?
em: steve berman, what's goin on man, how're you doing?
good to see you again! what's up?
sb: em, could you come in here and have a seat please um..
em: yeah
sb: vanessa, shut the door
vn: okay
em: so what's up, how's orders looking for the first week?
sb: it would be better if you gave me nothing at all.
this album is less than nothing.
i can't sell this f***ing record.
em: wha..
sb: do you know what's happening to me out there?
em: w..wha..what's the problem?
sb: violet brown told me to go f*** myself.
em: who's violet...
sb: terror records told me to shove this record up my ass
do you know what it feels like to be told to have a record shoved up your ass?
em: well ..i umm
sb: i'm going to loose my f***ing job over this
do you know why dre's record was so sucessful? he's rapping about big
screen tv's, blondes, 40's and b****es. you're rapping about homosexuals
and vicodin... i can't sell this shit.
em: wha...
sb: either change the record or it's not coming out
em: wha..
sb: now get the f*** out of my office
em: what am i sp..
sb: now!
em: alright man, whatever....."
"phone ringing in the background mr. berman? what?! we have eminem here to see you
 about f***in' time! send him in
 look who decided to show his face!
i hope you've had fun in the last 4 years.
for shooting me?!
do you know i lost the use of my right arm?
and then you go and you do what?
hide out?
stay in detroit from us 5 years
while the music industry melts the f*** down?
do you know how many people lost their jobs
because of your f***in vacation?
(well that's actually why i'm here,
i was gonna, put out some new music
and i wanted to play it for you, and get your opinion)
do i really need to hear it?
let me guess, another album about poor me,
i'm so famous that it's ruined my rich little life,
and i'm such a tortured artist.
let me make music about it and my tragic love life,
am i on to something here?
you know what? just hand the f***in thing over
i'm done talkin to you.
think you can just come and go as you please.
big selfish superstar
oh poor me, i had a drug problem.
who hasn't had a drug problem in this town?
you know what?
*cocks gun* just lay the shit down on my desk and get the f*** out
 what's this shit?
two cd's?
just get out! get the f*** out "
"a lot of people ask me
am i afraid of death?
hell yeah i'm afraid of death,
i don't wanna die yet.
a lot of people think that i worship the devil,
that i do all types of r*****ed shit.
look, i can't change the way i think,
i can't change the way i am,
but if i affended you, good
'cause i still don't give a f***
i'm zonin' offa one joint
stoppin' the limo
hop in the window
shoppin' the demo at gun point.
a lyricist without a clue
what year is this?
f*** a needle, heres a sword
body pierce with this.
livin' them up
never givin' a f***
gimme the keys i'm drunk
and i've never drivin' the truck.
but i smoke dope in the cab
i'll stab you with the sharpest knife i can grab
come back the next week and re open the scab.
a killer instinct runs in the blood
empty your four clips and bury your guns in the mud.
i've calmed down now
i was heavy once into drugs
i could walk around straight for two months with a buzz.
my brain's gone
so worn my spirit is torn
the rest of my body is still being operated on
i'm duckin' the f*** down while i'm writin' this rhyme
'cause i'm probably gonna get struck by lightning this time.
to all the weed that i've smoked,
yo this blunt's for you.
to all the people i've affended,
yeah f*** you too.
to all the friends i use to have,
i miss my past
but the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass.
for all the drugs that i've done,
yo i'm still gonna do.
to all the people i've affended,
ya f*** you too.
every time i reminist,
yo i miss my past.
but i still don't give a f***,
ya'll can kiss my ass!
i walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you
cut you so fast
when your blood spilled it was still blue
i'll hang you 'til you dangle
and chain you at both ankles
and pull you apart from both angles
i wanna crush your skull
'til your brains leak out of your veins
and bust open like broken water mains.
so tell sadam not to bother
with making another bomb
'cause i'm crushing the whole world in my palm
i got your girl in my arm
and i'm armed with a fire arm
so big my entire arm's a giant fire bomb
buy your mom a shirt with a slim shady iron on
and the pants that match
here mama try 'em on
i get amastertive
with a mouth full of adjectives
a brain full of adverbs
and a box full of laxitives
proff of all school accidents
god help me
before i commit some irresponsible acts again
to all the weed that i've smoked,
yo this blunt's for you.
to all the people i've affended,
yeah f*** you too.
to all the friends i use to have,
i miss my past
but the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass.
for all the drugs that i've done,
yo i'm still gonna do.
to all the people i've affended,
ya f*** you too.
every time i reminist,
yo i miss my past.
but i still don't give a f***,
ya'll can kiss my ass!
i wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it
i spent a million a track
and went over my budget
now how in the f*** am i supposed to get out of debt
i can't rap anymore i just murdered the alphabet
drug sickness got me doin' some bug twitches
i'm withdrawling from crack so bad my blood itches
i don't rap to get the women
f*** b****es
gimme a fat slut that cooks and does dishes
never ran with a clique i'm a posse
kamikaze
strappin' the mother f***in' bomb accross me
from the second i was born my mama lost me
i'm a cross between manson each ominozzi
i don't even know why the f*** i'm here in the first place.
the worst day on this earth was my first birthday.
r*****ed
what did that nurse say?
brain damage
f*** i was born during an earthquake
to all the weed that i've smoked,
yo this blunt's for you.
to all the people i've affended,
yeah f*** you too.
to all the friends i use to have,
i miss my past
but the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass.
for all the drugs that i've done,
yo i'm still gonna do.
to all the people i've affended,
ya f*** you too.
every time i reminist,
yo i miss my past.
but i still don't give a f***,
ya'll can kiss my ass!"
"listen now!  
psst..
hey, listen
i love my job
it makes me feel like... superman
can you fly?
i can
wanna see?
i'm only entertaining you my
goal is to stimulate making you high
and take you and i, to a place that you can't see
but i believe you can fly
i don't need nobody home i'm just partying
i'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
just a man whos on the mic, so let me... entertain you
my lyrical content is constantly undefined
no wonder why i constantly bomb back
to combat attacks with constant concepts
from lyrics constantly took out of context
failure to communicate with congresses
been a problem for the longest i guess but
maybe one day we can make some progress
food for thought see how long it takes to digest
feeling good when i should be ashamed
shit, i really should've fell when i stood
see i came like a flame in the night
like a ghost in the dark, there's a ray, there's a light
there's a hope there's a spark
but when planets collide, they'll never see eye to eye
until they decide to set the differences aside
and this is why only one of us will survive
so children, follow my lead and feel the vibe because
my music can be slightly amusing
you shouldn't take lyrics so serious
it might be confusing
trying to seperate the truth from entertainment
it's stupid ain't it?
i get sick of trying to explain it
see i can sit and argue with you but it goes beyond
just being a snot, pointy nosed, bleached blonde
cuz' i came here to uplift let your woes be gone
tell em' to get f***ed and just mosey on
constantly movin' constantly using the constitution
as a form of restitution
bless the children, nothing less than brilliant
let me entertain you like robbie williams
i'll be here when y'all are gone re building
we're all revolving, still evolving, still slim
how many kids will cop me?
probably millions
but im'a do this as a f***in' hobby till then...
my lyrical content contains subject matter
that sucks up all these f***ed up young kids
out of a long and great common denominate
add it up and you'll see thats why i dominate
i try to stimulate but kids imulate
and mimmick ever move you make
""slim you're great""
but wait, can't you see im only here to entertain?
i gotta be the one to go against the grain
cuz man, i see it, feel it, live it
but its inhumane for me to see you be influenced
and pretend you ain't
but they don't understand that i've been through pain
if you get to know me i can be a friend you gain
but you can't just stand there and try to touch
it hurts but your jealousy probably tears you up inside as much
and its such a pleasure every button that i touch
i treasure every glutton that i punish in my lust
but i'm"
"artist: madd rapper f/ eminem(uhh, hell yea man, hm, oh f*** yeah
when i'm not at home, beating my shit to death
i'm listening to the madd rapper's album
this is ken kaniff, and i'm still mad as hell...f*** you)
i'm crazy with this razor with this razor i'm crazy
with this crazor i'm razy, razor crazed i'm crazy!
 go bring jay z!!!
 over dre's beats!!!
ran in the ladies room naked in a blanket
at the banquet and started to spank it came in the bank with a tank, fired a blank
at the clerk and handcuffed her ankles to the safe and thanked her
but i didn't take nothing every bullet came from the same gun
just from different angles, cause i was pickin' strange places to aim from
<crash>  pay me
psych, no way f***ed up in the head
shot my girl and my sister cause i caught them in bed i'm a crazy mothaf***a might shoot me a fed
or i just might start a fist fight instead
see as far as the dough go
i go loco, see me pumpin gas at your local sunoco
stuck off the hydro mixed with cocoa
jump turnstyles, then run from po po
chorus: life stinks, we dont give a f*** son, we crazy
tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy
f*** wild ho's and bust slugs, we crazy
madd rapper is crazy, slim shady is 
yo yo, i wish i'd been aborted
my pockets got a shortage
everything i wanna floss i can't afford it
i'm tryin to sell a o', my pops tryin' to snort it
my daughter's babysitter is about to be deported
i'm mad cause i still stand in line for clubs
mad cause my rottweiler still shits on the rugs feeling kinda crazy now, i just might flip out
slim shady gave me shrooms and i might trip out, like...
(eh.... oh... dude... that shit's crazy man... oohhhh..... this is
incredible... ohhh....)
f*** that slim keep that for yourself
you a crazy white dude and u need some help, word
i got a beautiful wife, kids and a gorgeous home
what would make jump in the tub with a cordless phone?
i'm straight viscious i hit you with plates and dishes
leave you eight stitches, what i'm g** cause i hate b****es?
slut dont be nice to me, i've had it with girls
and i'll still be mad at the world, even if it apoligized to me you're hearing the last thoughts of a man about to blow his f***in' brains out
fall back with a blood stained blouse on top of his spouse
spread out on a blood stained couch
in front of his kids that he just killed in the same house
i'm sicker than boy george picturin' michael jackson
in little boys' drawers shoppin' at toy stores
shady said it, shady meant it, i stay demented
i'll throw a stroller at u, with a baby in it
go ahead pull the plug, think i won't smack you
i just dropped a f***in' pill mom, dont vacuum!!!
chorus "
"you used to say that i'd never be
nothing without you and i'd believe
i'm shot in the lungs, i gasp, i can't breathe
just lay here with me, baby, hold me please
and i'd beg and i'd plead, drop to knees
and i'd cry and i'd scream, ""baby, please don't leave""
snatch the keys from your hand, i would squeeze
and you'd laugh, and you'd tease, you're just f***ing with me
and you must hate me, why do you date me if you say
i make you sick?
and you've enough to me, i smother you
i'm 'bout to jump off this edge
but you won't break me,
you'll just make me stronger than i was
before i met you, i bet you i'll be just fine
without you
and if i stumble, i won't crumble,
i'll get back up and uhh
but i'mma still be humble when i scream ""f*** you""
'cause i'm stronger than i was
a beautiful face is all that you have
cause on the inside you're ugly and mad
but you're all that i love, i grasp,
you can't leave
please stay here with me, baby hold me please
and i'd beg and i plead, drop to knees
and i'd cry and i'd scream, baby, please don't leave
'cause you left and you took everything i had left
and left nothing, nothing for me
so please don't wake me from this dream, baby
we're still together in my head
and you're still in love with me
'till i woke up to discover that that dream was
dead
but you won't break me
you'll just make me stronger than i was
before i met you, i bet you i'll be just fine
without you
and if i stumble, i won't crumble,
i'll get back up and uhh
but i'mma still be humble when i scream, ""f*** you""
'cause i'm stronger than i was
you walked out, i almost died, it was almost a homicide
that you caused cause i was so traumatized
felt like i was in for a long bus ride
i'd rather die than you not be by my side
can't count how many times i vomited, cried
go to my room, turn the radio on and hide, uh
thought we were bonnie and clyde, no
on the inside you were jekyll and hyde
i felt like my whole relationship with you was
a lie
it was you and i, why did i think it was ride or die?
'cause if you coulda, took my life you
woulda
it's like you put a, knife through my chest
and pushed it right through to the, other side
of my back and stuck a spike too,
shoulda
put up more of a fight, but i couldn't
at the time, no one could hurt me like you
coulda
take you back now, what's the likelihood of that?
bite me b****, chewing on a
nineteen footer
'cause this morning i finally stood up
held my chin up, finally showed a sign
of life in me for the, first time since you
left me
and left me with nothing but shattered dreams
and the life we coulda, had and we could've been
but i'm breaking out of this slump i'm in
pulling myself out of the dumps once again
i'm getting up once and for all,
f*** this shit
i'ma be late for the pity party
but you're never gonna beat me
to the f***ing punch again
took it on the chin like a champ
so don't lump me in with the chump ends
i'm done being your punching bag
it was the november 31st today
would've been our anniversary
two years but you left on the first of may
i wrote it on a calendar, was gonna call
but couldn't think of the words to say
but they came to me just now
so i put 'em in a verse to lay
and i thank you cause you made me
a better person than i was
but i hate you cause you drained me,
i gave you all, you gave me none
but if you blame me, you're crazy
and after all is said and done
i'm still angry, yeah, i maybe,
i may never trust someone
but you won't break me
you'll just make me stronger than i was
before i met you, i bet you i'll be just fine
without you
and if i stumble, i won't crumble,
i'll get back up and uhh
but i'mma still be humble when i scream, ""f*** you""
'cause i'm stronger than i was"
"they call me superman
leap tall hoes in a single bound
i'm single now
got no ring on this finger now
i'll never let another chick bring me down
in a relationship save it b****, babysit? you make me sick
superman ain't savin shit, girl you can jump on shady's d***
straight from the hip, cut to the chase
i'll tell em off like a slut to her face
play no games, say no names
ever since i broke up with what's her face
i'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, b**** why ask?
kiss my d***, hit my cash, i'd rather have you whip my ass
don't put out? i'll put you out
won't get out? i'll push you out
puss blew out, poppin shit
wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
am i too nice? buy you ice
b**** if you died, wouldn't buy you life
what you tryin to be, my new wife?
what you mariah? fly through twice
but i do know one thing though
b****es they come, they go
saturday through sunday monday
monday through sunday yo
maybe i'll love you one day
maybe we'll someday grow
till then just sit your drunk ass on that f*ckin runway hoe
cry me a river
cry me a river er er
cry me a river
cry me a river er er
ya ya
don't get me wrong
i love these hoes
it's no secret
everybody knows
yeah we f*cked
b**** so what?
that's about as far as your buddy goes
we'll be friends
i'll call you again
i'll chase you around every bar you attend
never know what kind of car i'll be in
we'll see how much you'll be partying then
you don't want that
neither do i
i don't wanna flip when i see you with guys
too much pride
between you and i
not a jealous man, but females lie
but i guess that's just what sluts do
how could it ever be just us two?
never loved you enough to trust you
we just met and i just f*cked you
but i do know one thing though
b****es they come they go
saturday through sunday monday
monday through sunday yo
maybe i'll love you one day
maybe we'll someday grow
'till then just sit your drunk ass on that f*ckin runway hoe
i know you want me baby
i think i want you too
i think i love you baby
i think i love you too
i'm here to save you girl
come be in shady's world
i wanna grow together
let's let our love unfurl
you know you want me baby
you know i want you too
they call me superman
i'm here to rescue you
i wanna save you girl
come be in shady's world
cry me a river
cry me a river er er
cry me a river
cry me a river er er
ya ya
first thing you said
i'm not phazed
i hang around big stars all day
i don't see what the big deal is anyway
you're just plain ol' marshall to me
ooh yeah girl run that game
hailie jade... i love that name
love that tattoo... what's that say?
'rot in pieces' aww that's great
first off you don't know marshall
at all so don't grow partial
that's ammo for my arsenal
i'll slap you off that bar stool
there goes another lawsuit
leave handprints all across you
good lordy wody you must be gone off that water bottle
you want what you can't have
ooh girl that's too damn bad
don't touch what you can't grab
end up with two back hands
put anthrax on a tampax and slap you till you can't stand
girl you just blew your chance
don't mean to ruin your plans
but i do know one thing though
b****es they come they go
saturday through sunday monday
monday through sunday yo
maybe i'll love you one day
maybe we'll someday grow
'till then just sit your drunk ass on that f*ckin runway hoe
i know you want me baby
i think i want you too
i think i love you baby
i think i love you too
i'm here to save you girl
come be in shady's world
i wanna grow together
let's let our love unfurl
you know you want me baby
you know i want you too
they call me superman
i'm here to rescue you
i wanna save you girl
come be in shady's world
cry me a river
cry me a river er er
cry me a river
cry me a river er er
ya ya"
"well jimmy moved in with his mother
'cos he ain't got no place to go
and now i'm right back in the gutter
with a garbage bag thats full of clothes
'coz you live at home in a trailer
what the hell you gonna do?
'coz i live at home in a trailer
mum i'm cummin home to you
well my name is jimmy
his names greg bewel
me him and you all went to the same school,
this ain't cool
i'm in a rage
he's tapping my mum we almost the same age
on the microphone i drop bombs
look at this car thanx alot mum
here happy birthday rabbit
heres a brand new car you can have it
a nine teen twenty eight delta
this shit wont even get me 2 tha shelter!
and i cant even say i'm from mo town 'cause
i'm back in the 810 now"
"don't ask me what's up with the hoes
i'm still working the kinks out
love stinks, that explains all this anger that's spillin' out
and i ain't chillin now
i got an oscar, i'm still a grouch
i use it as a doorstop, and the prop
for the broken leg for the couch
yelawolf, shady, tony, touch slaughterhouse
yeah the swat team bout to break them flyswatters out
go to hell in a drought, break ice waters out
nice try, shorty what? we can window shop
the jewelry store
but christ, for that price coulda bought a house
besides only thing i ever had iced out
was my heart since i started out
it's f. y. i if ya ain't knowing
what go with you? where? nah ain't going
oh wait, you want a date oh?
well in that case ho it's june 8 oh
kinda like beethoven composin' a symphony of hate
so much hate woved into these raps
shit i'm beginning to hate clothing
i hate overalls because they remind me of hoes
for christ sake theyre shaped like a h woah, and
you know what else starts with h, though?
hockey, shit thought i had the place flowing
i hate to put you on ice but
you already had 3 periods in 60 minutes, great going
plus you remind me of cocaine ho
you always in the mirror with your face off
i feel an urge to put you all in a line
and chop you with a razor blade, yo wait
i'm an a hole, devil with a halo
hell yeah i nailed j lo, to the railroad
say i won't, better hope you can stay afloat
when i take the wind out your sail boat
i ain't playing yo! go for shady don't kid yourself
b****, you aint even a baby goat"
"make my vocals sound sexy,
come on man, come on man, okaaaay,
it feels so wrong cos it feels so right,
but its all right, its ok with me,
i’ll do my steps all by myself,
i don’t need nobody to play with me,
but if you just give me a chance,
i can put you in a trance the way i dance,
but don’t nobody wanna play with me so i’m
taking my ball and going home, hooome,
i’m that guy man,
shove a diamond up my hind end,
and crush it with my butt muscles while i cut bubbles,
slut poke holes in ya shirt, jump in mud puddles,
while i stomp mudholes in ya ass girl,
now lets cuddle,
blood curdling your gurgling on your blood,
what i do for my next trick,
im feeling won derful,
i think i might just do something a little less subtle,
shove a f cking tonka truck up a little kids butthole,
feel the wrath of a psychopath slash ambassador of the valentines day massacre slash assassin
i slash her in the ass with a icicle
and leave her laying a blood bath
while i put a catheter in
and jump in the bath with her,
in my spiderman mask man
just imagine the fun i can have with a strap on,
stick it up kim kardashian’s ass and make the b tch run a triathlon,
are those pistachio’s damn, i’d like to have some,
laying on the patio man, rolling a fat one,
shady drop the magic marker, put the cap on,
god damn man are you that much of an asshole,
it feels so wrong cos it feels so right,
but its all right, its ok with me,
i’ll do my steps all by myself,
i don’t need nobody to play with me,
but if you just give me a chance,
i can put you in a trance the way i dance,
but don’t nobody wanna play with me so i’m
taking my ball and going home, hooome,
i’m like houdini,
tuck my teenyeenyweeny between each
one of my thighs and make it disappear like a genie,
make sh t disappear like tara reid in a bikini, believe me homie,
you don’t know the meaning of a meanie,
they call me the fruit loop from jupiter,
i’m trying to maneuver the hoover up in your poop shoot,
dont move or ya might get it stuck so f cking far in your uvula
you aint gonna know what he was tryna do to ya gluteus,
totally tubular sniffing glue through a tube in the studia
now who do ya think is more fruitier,
weener smoothered in peanut butter putting on a tube of ya eye shadow and man it look nice,
you should have seen it mother,
i think i’ll put a piece of art on my visa card,
then i’ll go meet mischa barton with a cuisinart
then mosy on over to rosie odonnell’s
with mcdonald’s jump on her lap and watch the sopranos..
it feels so wrong cos it feels so right,
but its all right, its ok with me,
i’ll do my steps all by myself,
i don’t need nobody to play with me,
but if you just give me a chance,
i can put you in a trance the way i dance,
but don’t nobody wanna play with me so i’m
taking my ball and going home, hooome,
shady what are you doing chewing on a human,
grab an aluminum bat hit heidi klum in the back room
assuming the fact that dudes in the back room
using the bathroom vacuum and a racoon,
skewing a rat or cat screwing a baboon,
you shouldn’t ask what is he doing with that broom,
you should be glad he didn’t leave you full of stab wounds,
you in a trance, im back doing my dance ooh,
but there afraid i might get sarah palin by the hair
and make her wear a bathing suit and take her para sailing
shady why you gotta pick on the lady for,
why you make her read 84 bed time stories to you in baby talk?
cos i’m scared there’s monster’s under my bed,
kelly pickler hit my juice box under my bassinet,
no wonder my ass is wet my diaper needs to be changed,
you like graffiti dike, well i can pee pee and write your name,
it feels so wrong cos it feels so right,
but its all right, its ok with me,
i’ll do my steps all by myself,
i don’t need nobody to play with me,
but if you just give me a chance,
i can put you in a trance the way i dance,
but don’t nobody wanna play with me so i’m
taking my ball and going home, hooome,"
"i?m tired, i feel wired but yet i?m still inspired
to find somebody else for the job, tell me i?m fired
really muthaf*** what they say, i did my job yo
hood n**** straight off the block, i beat the odds
now you see a n****, back to the wall
now you exciting, now i?m done
everything for you n****s but get indicted
got n****s in the feds wishin i was still with ?em
death penalty, go throw ?em in the ail with ?em
rather die int he hands of the judge then former friends
man this shit is like an ongoing movie, it never ends
same n**** say that they would, love you forever
n****s get the forecast and change just like the weather
got me feeling like a whole brick, cut with some pain
from winter days yeah, they start of sunny and then it rains
and even after all these years, it?s still storming
you couldn?t of told ?em it wouldn?t be like this
you coulda warned ?em
somebody better explain, why my ears are ringing so loud
someone has got something to say, grow some balls and
say it to my face
 ooooh oh, ooooh oh
somebody?s got a problem, i wanna know
keep my name out ya muthaf***ing mouth
somebody talk to me
walking like i?m talking, play it like i see it
and i swear sometimes hear voices talking to me in my head
some nights i slept for months, the living dead to get this bread
there?s two ways out this shit, a casket or the f***ing fed
i rap cause one day i pray this might be my escape
everyday i seal up these bags, seems like i?m sealing my fate
my momma worked at your gangsta, jumped off the porch
out the gate
but i can?t let my momma bury me, thats some shit she
can?t take
most n****s hate when you come up and you doing
something constructive
police to the politician, my whole city corrupted
wanna convict me for a couple transactions that i conducted
and my homeboys just might snitch under pressure
so muthaf*** ?em, it?s just me and my two nuts
and you can bet they gon hang
and b**** my resume gon? check out til i check out the game
sometimes that ski mask on my skull it took effect on my brain
and i still didn?t tell the shit, i?m sick of telling you man
somebody talk to ?em
somebody talk to me
somebody better explain, how my name?s ending up
in your mouth
somebody talk to me
got 2 seconds to talk, i want some answers right the f*** now
somebody talk to me
cause if it?s me that you?re talkin? about then i wanna know
somebody talk to me
we almost past the point of being able to talk this shit out
somebody better explain, why my ears are ringing so loud
someone?s got something to say, grow some balls
and say it to my face"
"i´m the da shiki smoki´n da
leaky leaky.
ten freaky girls
inside the chin tiki.
girl, when you see me
you better believe me.
this ain´t a game and pimpim´ ain´t easy,
anything to goes when it goes to hoes,
i´m the kingpin when comes to flows.
ten freaky girls,
ten , ten , ten
freaky girls."
"now i don't really care what you call me
just as long as you dont call me rude
i bet they knew as soon as they saw me
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote
streets like cold chicago
aint nothing new i've seen it all before
but still i ball like no tomorrow
goodnight it's over with thats all she wrote
all she wrote, all she wrote
i said it's over with thats all she wrote
all she wrote, all she wrote
goodnight its over with that's all she wrote
its stupid how i'm going on everybody knowing that
i'm sewing up the game, destroying like they hate me for
it
eventually see they cant beat than with me they
join
others sworn under oath, or banished left
completely scorn
you tell lies, get caught, n gga kick rocks
you never did blend in with the big shots
on the fast track, aint no need for no pit stops
i just laugh at, n gga wishing it was this hot
guess they mad at me huh, really pissed off
better that than pissed on
i'm the jetsons you the flintstones
catch me in the end zone
high stepping prime time
thought you n ggas been on
aint no blocking my shine
like my new air yeezy's, you can see me in the night time
i get rich off living life, you check to check reciting
rhymes
so call me what you want, wanna hate, have a nice time
while i get stupid paper, hey my dough aint in its right
mind
now i don't really care what you call me
just as long as you dont call me rude
i bet they knew as soon as they saw me
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote
streets like cold chicago
aint nothing new i've seen it all before
but still i ball like no tomorrow
goodnight it's over with thats all she wrote
your staring straight into a barrel of hate
terrible fate
not even a slim chance to make a narrow escape
cupid shot his arrow and missed
wait sarah you're late, your train left
mascara and egg smeared on your face
nights over goodbye, hoe
i thought that i told ya' the spilled nut aint nothing to cry over
never shoulda' came within range of my rover
shoulda' known i was trouble soon as i rolled up
any chick who's coming up after i blind fold her
she still comes back to my crib
must want me to mess with her mind hold up
she must've took me for some high roller
but i wont buy her a soda
unless it's rock n' roll cola
buy u a bag of fritos i wouldn't let u eat the f***ing chip on
my shoulder
if you was bleach and i was hair i wouldn't die for
ya
tryna pull 5 bucks from me is like tryna pulling
5 molars
you get your eyes swole up i'm on my straight grizzly
so why would i buy you a g** ass teddy you're already bi polar
now i don't really care what you call me
you can even call me cold
these b****es know as soon as they saw me
its never me to get the privilege to know
i roll like a desperado
now i never know where i'm gonna go
still i ball like there's no tomorrow
until its over and its all she wrote
the credit roller, curatin closer, movie over with
but don't get mad at me
go blame the chick who wrote this shit
yeah life is sure a b****
but she know i'm rich
that why she give me what i want and i just throw her d***
here i go again
i kick this shit, give a damn, got it pouring in
peso, euro, yeah, ah ha, i'm paid never gon be broke again
see me posted in anything, wearing any chain
never gon' see me tote in anything
all you gon' see is bang!
its so nice where i kick it
hate you never get to visit
yeah i'm on another level
but you n****s still can get it
its all over before you finish
sorry bro this road we end it
won't give you the satisfaction of me giving you the business
yeah i guess life is a b**** ain't it tip
and each one thinks ""say this shit""
shirt off my back i wouldn't give you the dirt off my handkerchief
i'm giving these hoes a dose of there own
medicine
let em get a good taste of it
i'm sure you got that relationship memo by now
but in case you didn't
imma stick this whole pad
full of sticky notes to your forehead and staple it
life is too short and i got no time to sit around just wasting it
so i pace this shit a little bit quicker
that clock i'm racing in doubling time it
but i still spit triple the amount of insults in a tenth
of the time
it may take you pricks to catch on
while you strong arm like stretch armstrong
man i still say k mart like theres an apostrophe ""s"" on it dog
and they say mcdonalds isn't a restaurant well i guess
i'm wrong
but if you gon tell me that the a&w aint the spot for the best hot dogs you can get the ""f"" on dawg
and on my throne i remain, all alone in my lane
i'm as strong as they came
they were gone fo' they came
now, i don't wanna hang, i slapped hands with the rap gods
they just wanna sabotage my hustle shawty that's why
now i don't really care what you call me
you can even call me cold
i bet the knew as soon as they saw me
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote
i roll like a desperado, now i never know where i'm gonna go
but still i ball like no tomorrow
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote
all she wrote, all she wrote
i said ""it's over with"" thats all she wrote
all she wrote, all she wrote, all she wrote
""goodnight its over with"" thats all she wrote"
" rza intro from ""airwaves"" 
one two, one two
we dedicate this one to the hip hop culture y'all
brought to you by the woooorrrllld famous wake up show!
bobby steels, staple' tails, mc's get your lips stapled
project killa hill is stamped on the map like the compass
sacred sword play tongue twist, piercin holes in you
you can't escape, 70,000 kilowatts blast through your box
woke wit alarm clocks, cars drivin slow down the block
one stopped, parks pops his trua fancy a shag wee burners
when i woke up, i got the mic and never chocked up
busted a verse and all the g's in cali loc'ed up when i was summoned
styles were mixed like the drummonds, killer clown is comin
look around, your town is crumblin
this big tech from the midwest, leavin mc's lipless
on the wake up show, make up no, stories about my shake up flow
put me off in a cipher? potna, you can't f*** wit the sniper
your flow's premature, clean your dirt diaper
mic heister, psycho, alpha schizo
hypno, chryo gat flow, guru and ain't nobody tighter
sway & tech heard me flow and its sealed
now i got swedish women yelling ""tech n9ne's filled""
this place is my house, i might as well erase my face wit white out
cuz y'all can't see me like mase's eyebrows climped out of a nice house,
through the front window and heard this guy shout
""hey that's my couch, b****!""
pull a nine out during a rhyme bout
while i'm rippin this shit, put a clip in it spit five rounds
and murder you hoes worse than flippin a convertible
nose first wit the top off landin upside down
you're tied down and duct taped, f*** rape
i'd rather just hump a slut's leg wit my nuts shaved
and sway & tech, two disk jokeys
breakin so many friggin needles i wonder if they inject
lo and behold, better than platinum or gold
yes god bless success, never forsake your soul
xzibit take control, locked loaded and ready to roll
play the upper hand, a man that's never gon' fold
cuz your tape sucks, find a new hobby that you can take up
or listen to my n****s tech & sway so you can wake up
the x man, catch me doin drills in the danger room
big game hunting, from high noon to the full moon
wit synonyms, i get an adrenaline rush
from minimum thrusts, bust multiple assualts in small interims
as horrid as borris kolaf was
when i cut your neck, leave a little piece of flesh
so the head won't fall off, hauled off
sawed off shotgun blast, he asked
why did he have to die like cast metal?
o, huh, c now like omar credle
we pone pedal at a high resolution
on the wake up show wit sway, tech and dj revolution
i sway the tech wit the tech and sway
step away, wet and spray, rep the day
who over debt to pay get swept away
across the whole board like checker play
when i blaze your whole sect' arrays
wake up show for those slept away
n****s that the trey, hit the deck and pray
dj revolution, spinnin like lead from out the heck ak
tearin your neck away, flood up the street wit bloody decora'
until the head of jake investigate
what? sway can give it to you, but whatcha gon' do wit it
tech can give it to you, but whatcha gon' do?
rev can give it to you, but whatcha gon' do wit it
i can give it to you, wha wha wha what what!
yo yo chino makes the world go 'round
f***in up entire record companies like harrel did to motown
vominous talk, poison pen, hominous walk
what flow will i destroy wit this time, the most commonest thought
the drama that's brought, caught us in a midst of sibling rivalry
for instance, there's nothing in existence that can survive wit me
clone me like sheep, i clean house like tony rand all
wit style filed for sexual harrassment like tisha camp bell
you're wack like will smith, your rhyme style is pansy
i f***in murder your young style like jonbenet ramsey
now who the master to beg? your demo gets passed on the reg'
you shouldn't have been signed if you had a white cast on your leg
i'm wake up show reppin wit sway & tech
my tec's like tekken, the industry weapon
i'm chino x, bring krs in
de de de de de de da di day, krs one comin wit the tech & sway
yo, i rock up the littlest set, and on the biggest set
as ill as it gets i still manage to wiggle your neck wit sweat
never forget, the bigger the budget the bigger the debt
you gotta be willin to rock in the middle of dry and in the middle of wet
but i'm willin to bet, on a sway & a tech
they stay in effect, never been a pain in the neck, they gainin respect
nevertheless i wreck you, now you know what sway & tech do
i'll be back but for now just sackle!
fresh, for ninety nine you suckas!!!"
"i'm a little nutty and i know it but if you go back
and take a look at my history
you will see that i'm not the only one that's off his rocker, there were many before me
i was always there with a black sheet, with a feeling, ""what a bad seed i grow to be.""
but if you take a look at us now, you'll see that the apple didn't fall too far from the tree
haha, haha, haha, haha
alright look, i'mma tell you the story from my side
maybe you'll understand, check it out
you done witnessed unexplainable shit
too insane to explain,
people run from what theyy just don't get
maybe shady should of just hit 'em with a little bit
did i speak too soon, should i have spoon fed 'em it
but i was just so eager, to prove i was even
worth being in the same league or the room
of the people of whom i was in
everynow and then, i look up like i was seekin' approval
was it because of the pigment on my skin
or was it the figment of my imagination
maybe it bothered me more then it did them
maybe it wasn't a big deal back then
but to me it was,
see what it was, was i had developed a complex from being judged
proof spit his verse, so i'm next
let's see who busts, i'm in the boothes starin' back to see who's i get a reaction from usually the first one
was from proof and the rest of the crew backed him up
and no one lied to each other
cause none of us had deals, it was real
we just wanted tickets for that meal
sometimes i feel like it's just me
sometimes i feel like i'm goin' crazy
but take a look at my family
cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
i said...
sometimes i feel like it's just me
sometimes i feel like i'm goin' crazy
but take a look at my family
cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
ever since my mother was pregnant with a second egg
cause she said that i had a baby sister
who fell outta the window
i was too young to remember
kansas city projects, i was like 5 6
and how come, i don't remember malcolm, isaac, and boogyif it was the projects in missouri
cause those were my best friends, until isaac
took my tricycle, and my uncle todd went to try to go get it back
and ended up gettin' jumped, and cut in the cutwith a switch and 70 some stitches
wishes, to this day, when my mother still tries to show me
some more fake pictures, of a fictitious little sister
who never existed
and this is why part of my life is so twisted
but i can never be as sick as that b**** is
and by the way that picture is one of my relatives
sometimes i feel like it's just me
sometimes i feel like i'm goin' crazy
but take a look at my family
cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
i said...
sometimes i feel like it's just me
sometimes i feel like i'm goin' crazy
but take a look at my family
cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
you probably have to peel back layers upon layers of pain
to see why everything i say is so insane
what's different about my brain
that seperates me, from other players in this game
on the surface it may seem like a scheme
or some sort of scam for me to get some damn sympathy
but that's the last thing i need, is for people to walk around feelin' sorry for me
and i am not a g, never claimed to be,
i gave my best to cashis, this whole p don't need 'em more than me
but will it see, cause we ain't lookin' for beef
but if it comes our way...
what do we turn the other cheek? come on...
sometimes i feel like it's just me
sometimes i feel like i'm goin' crazy
but take a look at my family
cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
i said...
sometimes i feel like it's just me
sometimes i feel like i'm goin' crazy
but take a look at my family
cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
ha, yeah
and i'm the crazy one right?
whatever! then let me be the crazy one!
haha
cookooo cookooo
tweeet haha
and angelina jolie is just another ho
and brad is a sucka? because once i f*** her
she wants to go to somalia to adopt another baby
you know what i say? no
you better save some of them kids from madonna
she needs all the publicity she can get
you want a shady? well, you got it, man
i ain?t apologizin? for shit.
i?m a goat
and i don?t mean to gloat
but i know what i know and i know what you think
and these magazines?ll never put it in ink
because how would it look if they considered me as a goat?
and for those of y?all who don?t know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and i consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes!"
"if i cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothaf***ers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that’s wut u gettin,
we up on the stage u getting all nervous,
ima get rid of you,
now how u like my service,
u see me up here,
devil without a purpose,
please step back,
and watch me as i work this,
if i had a rating,
my style would be perfect,
cuz in the rap game,
everything is worth it,
wherever u go, u have to cause a scene,
ur dirty, u should try the washing machine,
all ur clothes are all stained up full of cum,
that’s why u should wash them,
man ur so dumb, man ur so stoopid,
brain fulla looped shit,
u think ur all romantic, u think ur cupid,
u think ur hot, u think ur cute shit,
but the thing is, ur just a new kid,
i got 130 seconds to spit at ur face,
not too fast though, i gotta keep a steady pace,
ill smack ur face way back to last place,
u better try hard, this’ll be ur last race,
the last guy, shit man i licked him,
u better watch out, ur my next victim,
if i cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothaf***ers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that’s wut u getting,
if i cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothaf***ers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that’s wut u getting,
im awesome, i rap with adrenaline,
i don’t care about this b****, yeah im killin him,
he cant rap worth shit,
theres no will in him,
hes eating my words, hope its fillin him,
now listen to wut
i instill in him,
fear,
i switch gears
so fast its killin him im awesome, good on all cylinders,
don’t matter if its a b****, im still killin her,
this b**** cant rap at all, there’s no will in her,
shes eating my words, hope its fillin her,
now listen to
wut,
i instill in her,
fear,
i switch gears so fast,
its killin her,
u so skinny,
u can hide behind a flagpole,
ur so fat,
u could probably eat a f**, whole,
u walk around, with ur pants sagged low,
ur lifes over, time to put it in the bag bro,
when its ur turn i know ur gonna freeze,
all of a sudden, it’s a hundred degrees,
theres been a forest of chokers, u’ll just add to the trees,
feel so bad u’ll wish u were overseas,
wheres southwest when u really need it,
i come wit a warning label, b**** cant u read it,
u’ll wanna stand up, ill keep you seated,
don’t understand? want me to repeat it,
u cant touch me, im too hot to handle,
u see that, i burned u like a candle,
the words gonna spread fast like the monica lewinsky scandal,
any word i say, it’s the work of a vandal,
man randle listen to wut i say,
u panhandle and ur g**, its ok,
urs shits so gray,
ur words r dead,
maybe itd be better if u’d just shoot urself in the head,
fill ur brain with lead,
but don’t say i led ur brain to it,
tell em u finally thought ‘im insane, screw it,”
tell em before u did it everybody already knew it
would happen,
so dude just stop rappin,
when ur on the mic, everybody’s laughin,
and by the time ur off, everybody’s nappin,
and when im on, everybody’s clappin,
this shits almost done, i just gotta cap it,
this battles a tall fence, u cant hop it,
my raps off the wall, u cant top it,
so good bye nice try, im outta time,
i left u behind with a whole mountain to climb
if i cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothaf***ers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that’s wut u getting,
if i cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothaf***ers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that’s wut u getting,
wit one rhyme i terrorize a mind,
get rid of their ego and carry out a crime,
wit one line i lead one to demise,
bury their lives,
and watch them, as they internally cry,
externally die,
leave them eternally scarred, eternally marred,
and after its all over, i send them a card,
as soon as im up on the stage im fulla rage,
like a tiger in his cage,
ready to engage,
in a fight, ready to bite,
ready to turn a page,
and ready to do it every night,
ready to burn his rage, im ready,
just gimme the mic,
and watch me strike,
my words are like magic,
some endings are tragic,
they remember me for years,
my lines are classic,
u don’t wanna battle me,
ur shakin,
so go home and bake urself some bacon,
i got three breasts under my chest,
but i don’t understand why im under arrest,
im on a quest, to destroy everything in my way,
and if ur with me, than lemme hear u say...
if i cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothaf***ers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that’s wut u getting,
if i cant shoot you,
ima have to kill u by spittin,
battlin mothaf***ers my ruckus aint written,
when my bullets miss,
my words keep hittin,
if u like pain,
then that’s wut u getting,"
"green lantern
okay it's about that time again 
eminem
green latern g g g g g uni 
50 cent :
hahaha...shady
eminem :
we back  part ii
green lantern
the conspricacy
eminem
cause we ain't going no never stop, you just keep wasting your energy
on us, you should find something to do with your time and quit f***ing with us cause we ain't f***ing with you
and e must be f***ing with you so much you must be gone out your mind
they say i'm day away from my entire empire crumbling
speak up your mumbling, what the f*** a yousa bibi bay okay big bi bi baby
this is shady i know you was bi bi hoping we be be would just go away
but weeble mable weeble wobble but we don't fall down like
jam master jay's two turn table, our lable is just too stable
you're magazine so motherf***ing thin you using staples
to hold it together it's turning back into a news paper
and yall got something for my ass every issue
thank you, cause i keep running out of f***ing tissues
and i could diss you but god i was sick of looking at you
at least now i can see when nike's got a new tennis shoe
but but i guess no good news is always good good news
moving on to bigger and better things 50's blowing up, he should just keep showing up
what the f*** is going on? who the f*** is norah jones?
shady wait a minute, baby, leave the whore alone
just go up there and be humble and take them awards home
bush has declared the world a f***ing war zone
meanwhile we got a war going on of our own at home
my minds f***ing blown, trying to figure out how to fight my own clone
rhine stones are so nice, they shine so bright especially at night
after a hit of ecstacy ain't that right?
woahhhh wait a minute i'm rambling, back to the matter at hand
it's green latern with elvis presley the selfish mc
back to the ruin rap and destroy the industry
single handedly and oh man did we, yeah me and 50
obie, me and d tweezy
and nelly and missy and jigga god damn it's all a plan divised by the man
it's a conspriracy...against fake shit, and anybody who can't make hits
or ain't dope lyrically, so f*** what you hear and what you read about
we ain't ruining rap baby we're just trying to weed it out
shady in the place to be see, and i got what it takes to rock the mic, aiight!
still keep talking shit to me punk, cause your magazines over in less than 6 months!
haha...shady records, still aftermath
and don't think we can hear you motherf***ers talking, cause we can't
we don't hear yall
so we're just gonna sit back for the rest of our lives while you ride our d***s
2 reaction | add reply
page tools correct this song add new lyrics to eminem read 2 reaction member tools add eminem to mymusic add this song to mymusic add reply moderator tools edit this song edit additional performers of this song remove this song add a new song to eminem add a new album to eminem"
"for sinners saints and scramblers and gamblers
and dirty money handlers, dignitaries and champions, narcotic traffickers
talented number runners and racketers
stars of stage, page and cameras, slang swingers and swaggerers
double barrels and derringers, automatics and miracles
europe asia and africa, all the time in america
atlantic, ashland, alblemarle to albany
bridge into baltic, bedford ave, bergen street
clinton to cadman, church ave to clarendon
road to central avenue, cooper house, cypress
and live from bedford stuyvesant
the livest high flyingest pilot bombardier from pyrrhus
stationed live and direct, medina mastermind set
ya can't lock my set now lock off, cool
peace to the nation of the gods and the earths
and the sun, moon and stars, furthermore born knowledge go hard
remix, rising up outta the flames like a phoenix
training to carry the weight of my brain like a genius
knowing i'm sowing them seeds let's see whose thumb is the greenest
if i said it i mean it and did it because i need it
eat sleep it and eat it, write it down and then read it
asphalt to the cement, your trash talk is deleted
blastoff, i lay them out like a tempurpedic
black thought, i told you i'mma win eventually
this unsung, underrated, under appreciated
the one them underachievers had underestimated
finally graduated from something that's so hated
to one of the most sacred, nobody gonna take it
face it, i keep doing it well, doing it is do it yourself, doing it below the radar
we doing it stealth, doing it again
for illadelph and who else? but check it out
y'all see him on a job, see my eyes focused where the prize be
i'm like martin luther king you like rodney
the difference is i give it everything inside me
dear diary, my fans still swear by me
even though i'm late night now like here's johnny
swimming with them big whites now is where you'll find me
funny how it break right down but never mind me
i'm forever grimy, guess it's just philly shining
rock rolla bi polar like phyllis hyman
like a dope fiend opening up a bottle of dopamine
you're just hoping you don't get roped for your throat get choked anything
oh and just think how dope he could be if he smoked anything
oh, there goes the bell, the sound of the opening ding
i hit you as hard as barbiturates in the ribs with a switch
and stitch you a the same time before you can flinch to it
my d*** is so big, if i add another inch to it
you would swear when i raped you that you was actually into it
i'm not a baller but you can bet your f***in' bottom dollar
that i remember when i was without a dollar bill in my wallet
now watch me kill a koala while i maul a chihuahua
bum a pill off of paula like let me holler at you mama
it's like i'm off the bomba when i bring the f***in' drama
used to bomb ya like saddam but now that i'm a little calmer
i'm a f***in' cross between osama dahmer obama and dalai lama
so miley i'm a knight in shining armor
mail a gift to taylor swift's trailer a picture
of my genitalia with a note saying b**** i can't wait to nail ya
drug paraphernalia beware the werewolf will kill ya
that's him in the sheep's clothes, he just shaved his hair off cecilia"
" and everyone should get along..
ok children quiet down, quiet down
children i'd like to introduce your new substitute teacher for the day
his name is mr. shady
children quite down please
brian don't throw that.. mr. shady will be your new substitute while mr. kaniff is out with pnumonia
 good luck mr. shady...
hi there little boys and girls
 today we're going to learn how to poison squirrels
but first, i'd like you to meet my friend bob say hi bob,  bob's 30 and still lives with his mom
and he don't got a job cause bob sits at home and smokes pot
but his 12 year old brother looks up to him awful lot.
and bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
and wait in the parking lot for waitresses off the clock
when it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog
he drag 'em in the woods and goes straight to the choppin block.
and even if they escape and got the cops
the ladies would be so afraid, they would drop the charge
till one night mrs. stacey went off the job
when she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk
but stacey knew it was bob and said knock it off
but bob wouldn't knock it off cause he's crazy and off his rocker.
crazier than slim shady is off the locker
you couldn't even take him to dre's to get bob a doctor
he grabbed stace by the leg, he chopped it off her
and dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
but ever since the day stacey went off the wander
they never found her, and bob still hangs at the waffle diner
and that's the story of bob and his marijuana,
and what it might do to you
so see if the squirrels want it, cause it's bad for you
 see children, drugs are bad
and ff you don't believe me, ask ya dad
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom
she'll tell you how she does 'em all the time
so kids say no to drugs
so you don't act like everyone else does
and there's really nothing else to say
drugs are just bad mmm k...
my penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it?
f*** no you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut speaking of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels?
extacy is the worst drug in the world
if someone offers it to you, don't do it
kids, 2 hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
and spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back
so don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in ya back
meet zack, 21 years old
after hanging around with some friends at a frat party he gets bold,
and decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys
and peer pressure will win everytime you try to fight it
suddenly, he starts to convulse
and his pulse goes into hyperdrive, and his eyes go back in his skull
his back starts ta look like the mcdonald's arches
he's on donald's carpet, laying horizontal barfin'
and everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him
""hey adam, zack is a jackass, look at him""
so they took it to, so they think it's funny
so their laughin' at basically nothing
except maybe wastin' their money
meanwhile, zack's in a coma, the action is over
and his back and his shoulders, hunched up like he was practicin' yoga
and that's the story of zack, the extacy maniac
so don't even feed that to squirrels class, cause it's bad for you
 last but not least,
one of the most humungous problems among young people today,
is fungus
it grows from cow manure,
they pick it out, wipe it off, bag it up,
and you put it right in ya mouth and chew it...yum yum
then you start to see some dumb stuff
and everything slows down when you eat some, of ...'em...
and sometimes you see things that aren't there
 like fat woman in g strings with orange hair
it's worn, claire! women stick them up their behind, and go out and wear 'em
and if you swallow too much of the magic mushroom
whoops, did i say magic mushroom, i meant fungus
ya tongue gets all swolled up like a cow's tongue
 cause it comes from a cow's dump see drugs are bad, it's a common fact
but your mom and dad know that's all i'm good at
 but don't be me,
cause if ya grow up and ya go and od
they're gonna come for me and i'ma have to grow a goatee
and get a disguise and hide, cause it'll be my fault
so don't do drugs, and do exactly as i don't,
cause i'm bad for you
 come on children, clap along
 sing along children  drugs are just bad,
drugs are just bad  so don't do drugs,
so there'll be more for me  la la la la!"
" i'm gonna kill this b****. i'm gonna
kill her. i'm going to f***in' jail, cus i'm
gonna kill this b****
 hey man... i don't know
 what?
 i got a really really bad
feelin' about this
 man, will you shut the f*** up gary.
you've always got a bad feeling man.
that's her car right there. just park
 i'm parking
 f***in', turn the car off dog
 alright
 alright, we wait
 we wait for what?
 we wait until she comes out.
man, i'm gonna f***in' kill her
 man, you ain't gonna kill nobody
 shut the f*** up dog
 what the f*** did you bring that for?
 just shut up, f*** clip is empty
 don't point that shit at me.
 it's not even loaded b****, look
 dude! god i f***in'
hate when you do that shit
 ha ha, ya but its funny as f***
 you're gonna f*** around and kill me one
of these days... i swear
 it gets you every time
 is that her?
 where?
 right there motherf***er
 ya , f***
 alright, get up, get up
 here we go again...
 get down!
 what the f*** do you want me
to do get under the car
 yo, who's she walkin with
 how the f*** am i supposed to know?
you told me to duck down
 it's the f***in bouncer.
did she just kiss him?
 i don't think so...
 dog, she just f***in kissed him
 no, she didn't
 she's kissing him dog
 no she's not... oh shit
 c'mon, motherf***er!"
"eminem:
i'm gonna kill this b****
im'a kill him
i'm going to f***ing jail
cuz im gonna kill this b****
gary:
yo man
eminem:
what
gary:
i dont know
i gotta realy really bad feelin about this
eminem:
man would u shut the f*** up gary you always gotta bad feelin man
thats her car right there
gary:
aight let me park
eminem:
just park
gary:
im parkin!
eminem:
turn the car off dogg
gary:
aight
eminem:
aight we wait
gary:
we wait for what?
eminem:
we wait till she comes out and then im gonna f***in kill her
gary:
man you aint gonna kill no one
what the f*** did you bring that for
eminem:
man shut the f*** up dog
just shutup, the f***in clip is empty
gary:
man dont point that shit at me
eminem:
its not even loaded b****, look
gary:
dude, god i f***in hate it when you do that shit
eminem:
yea but its funny as f***
gary:
muthaf***a im gonna kill you one of these days i swear
eminem:
gets you everytime
is that her?
gary:
where?
eminem:
right there mothaf***a
gary:
oohh yeah
eminem:
aight get down get down
gary:
f***, what u doing to her?
eminem:
get down!
gary:
what the f*** you want me to get under the car?
eminem:
yo, who she walkin with
gary:
how the f*** am i suppose to know, you told me to duck down
eminem:
its the f***in bouncer
did she just kiss him
gary:
i dont think so
eminem:
dogg she just f***en kissed him
gary:
no she didnt
eminem:
shes kissin him
gary:
no shes not
eminem: gets out car
gary:
ohh shit
eminem:
come on"
"artist: the high & mighty f/ eminem
intro: scratches by dj mighty mi
""shady! that's me!""
""high and mighty trilogy""
""back with the flyest material""
""shady... sh... shady!""
""that that... that's me!""
""high.. high and.. mighty trilogy""
""back with the...""
""funky... beats""
packin this third eye, pursue a cyclops
they trade in they high tops for nice sized white rocks
 words in my right, that pass my left ear
your style is ass out like the bulls are next year fear this veneer, you get stung like virgins
who that cat splurgin instead of rehearsin?
tough guys, degentrify your high rise
lookin more like ronald than them f***in fry guys
go on uptown f***in senoritas
in taco bell screamin, ""viva gorditas!""
bring all your dogs   i give em rabies
they never had a chance like my two aborted babies got pope john paul the 2nd, prayin to satan
have your vegan girlfriend cookin up bacon
on barbituates with that shit that you hit
smoke my spliffs withcha, cause spinal bifida
my nine is liftin ya, six feet when i spray rounds
hit you with 12 shots in mid air and four more on the way down
as eight strays graze through a kid's hair on the playground
you lay down on a stretcher no pun intended, just hop out of your whip
and leave it un attended before i whip out this gun and end it
unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute
cause i can leave your infinite full of those even if someone's in it
snatch the airbag, hit the corner and park it
corner the market, i got her tied up in a chair and gagged
b****es get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged
like cavewomen, while i'm gravediggin with marilyn man'
chorus: mr. eon, eminem
if you got a bowl of hash better cash it
you got a satchel, flash it, i'ma take your last hit
and if you spittin wack shit on the microphone
i'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'ma detach it
so if you got a bowl of hash, you better cash it
you got a satchel, flash it, i'ma take your last hit
i'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid
threw my baby's mother in the hatchback and latched it
yo yo, ""eon's wack now,"" how you think that?
couldn't get on my record if you were shrink rap desecrate a crate with these rhymes i be totin
let's go back online and jerk off on your modem
i got stupid mucus from these loose lips
my loose leaf leave your whole persona weak
to the point that you stand up on your feet, best retreat
let's go back in time and steal my whole steez
the quickening, did a bris at the christening
i'm exercisin, doing liftings and twistings
instinct's the nicest, i keep tellin you
what the f*** this guy on the corner been sellin you?
 i'm e mailin you, at the wrong website
and mispellin you, prank you and put the fear of hell in you
escaped bellevue, stuffed the nurse in a purse
disperse like i added too many words in a verse
slim shady, a perverted version of birth
drivin off, leaving a murdered virgin at church
the first person who searchin the earth for the motherf***er
that pulled the plug when they shoulda alerted the surgeon first
 get thrown curves, and hit with your own words
leave me alone b****! i get on my own nerves
and if i don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up
i'm takin off both shoes and stickin each middle toe up
chorus
any disease out there i'm willin to catch it...
slim shady...
all praises to the high & mighty
outro: scratches by dj mighty mi
""slim shady"", ""naughty rotten rhymer""
""mr. eon"", ""illest rhyme dropper""
""slim shady"", ""naughty rotten rhymer""
""mr. eon"", ""illest rhyme dropper""
""slim shady""
""n....nau..naughty...ro..ro..rotten rhyme....rhyme..rhy..rhymer""
""mr. eon"""
"the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
i know it's sad but it's making me happy
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
because you love me and i love you more
it's sick but who could ever predict we'd be doin' the
same shit
we say that we do it for our baby but we don't, we do it
for us
it's lust, 'cuz neither one of us trusts each other so
we f***
'till we bust, 'till cuss each other out, we know what
it's about
shout 'till i throw you out the house, you throw me out
the house
i throw you on the couch, punch you in the mouth, we
fist fight
'till we turn this mother out and apologize after,
laughter
pain, it's insane, we're back in the same chapter again
and it's sad but it's true, when i'm laying here with you
there ain't nothing anyone could ever say or ever do 'cuz
the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
i know it's sad but it's making me happy
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
because you love me and i love you more
'cuz i hate you, do you hate me?
good, 'cuz you're so f***in beautiful when you're angry
it makes me wanna just take you and just throw you
on the bed and f*** you like i don't even know you
you f*** other people and i f*** other people
you're a slut, but i'm equal, i'm a mutt, we're both
evilin our ways
but neither one of us would ever admit it
'cuz one of us would have one up on the other so forget
it
we can make accusations, people spread rumours
but they ain't got proof, 'till they do, it's just the
two of us
you and me, 'cuz any chick can say that she's screwin' me
but you gotta believe it to a degree 'cuz true indeed
if you didn't i wouldn't be hittin', yeah i would
'cuz the sex is too damn good, if i ran, who would i run
to
that would be this soft and warm? so it's off and on
usually more off then on but at least we know that we
share this common bond, you're the only one i can f***
without a condom on, i hope the only reason that i cope
is 'cuz if that f***** busts then i can bust in that,
and that's why
the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
i know it's sad but it's making me happy
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
because you love me and i love you more
i can never understand it, that's why i don't try
from junior high until we both die, you silly hoe why
must we try
is it really so rough that we must always call each
other's billy goat's gruff
try to pull each other's legs until the other begs
we're lying to ourself, that's the beauty of it, yeah
'cuz we truly love each other, that's why we always fight
and all we do is shove each other every other f***in'
night
and it's clear, it ain't gonna change, this pinned up
rage
we both have, we both feel like we've been upstaged
by someone else, we both been someone else's someone else
the problem is neither one wants help, it's an addiction
and it can't be fixed, our family's mixed up
there's a baby sister in the mix and it hurts 'cuz the
pieces to the puzzle don't fit
and anybody who thinks he knows us doesn't know shit
and they're probably just tired of hearing it all the
time on every song
every lyric and every rhyme, all the hoopla, all of the
woopty woo
what you put me through, f***in' woopty do
but i won't be made a fool of, if this is true love
you wouldn't do what you did last time, you wouldn't
screw up
this time, 'cuz this time girl i'm tellin you what
you do it again and i'm f***in' you up 'cuz no matter
what you say, what you do
i'ma hunt you down 'till i find you
no matter where you run, i'll be right there
right behind you in your nightmares
so much for them flowers, and the candy
all the times that you threw it back at me
told me you hate me, you 'gon hate me more
when you find out you can't escape me, whore
the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
i know it's sad but it's making me happy
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
because you love me and i love you more"
"spoken: eminem as bin laden]
oh dr dre. or should i say dr g**
you are very bad man, you diss the wrong motherf***er
you think osama won't diss you black biaatch
things just ain't the same for osama
since the world trade bombings
and the pentagon got the world calling
me to kill all of congress, like... the strangest things can happen to an afghan
when people get wrapped up in islam and allah
then some shiteaters fly planes and wreak havoc
then go drop the blame on bin laden
now i got a f***** ass rapper attacking me
with this gangsta rap, like i'm not gonna battle
dr dre? the man wasn't done shit since nwa
and gave eazy e aids
don't make shoot night on your fat ass
you homof***, you ain't the only one goin' platinum
osama bin laden, keeping it gangsta
f*** dr dre, i'm the aftermath
everywhere that i go ain't the same as before
people i used to know just don't know me no more
and everywhere that i go, i got people i know
who've got people they know, so i suggest you lay low
oh dr dre look at you, you fool
i use your own rap against you, and i'm better
lick my balls, til they are dry
sorry... come again
things just ain't the same for bin laden
this planet hates me more than michael jackson
hating on the taliban for keeping me captive
threatening to find my little cave and blast it
now i've got to worry about this wannabe gansta
who pays other rappers to write his wack shit
everyone knows that your beats are helped man
and you'll never blow by yourself man
sorry, you'd blow... blow cocks
use the hole as a straw and blow sperm out your nostrils
i don't give a hurried f***, call slim shady
snoop dogg, d. o. c, wren and jay z
to write a verse, f*** i'll do it for ya
you still lick d***, this is booshu babara
do you know who, do you know what, do you know who?
let's keep this between me and you
osama
osama
oosama
o o o osama
b****"
"""the re up""
 yeah, we should do something like that...
boom boom chuck, boom b boom chuck!
boom boom chuck, yeah, that's what's up!
boom boom chuck, boom b boom chuck!
boom boom chuck, b boom, shady!
there's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this
and it's the, most sinister duo in the business
once again its the, illest and realest killas
the most villainous dre protege, shady apprentice
drop them zeros and get with these heroes
do you want losers or winners, this music is in us, and it's
not over 'till we say it's finished and g unit spinners
will keep spinnin', this is hip hop when it's in it's
truest form, the greatest, hate us or love us
make voodoo dolls of us and keep stickin' those pins in us
thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is
the trick is to be able to walk big as his d*** is
and as sick as his music is, or was, still is
whatever, forever, he will be the illest
to ever sh shock the world, what to do next
he's already reconciled with his ex , a chainsaw and an axe
jump a b****'s desk, strangle her neck
while we have sex while bill clinton plays the sax
i sprays the vex, yeah bring shady on back
the maniac of rap, devil baby on crack
resurrect, i never left, baby i'm bad
i've gone mad, my comrade dre zy automatically
he says i'm too broke to fix, way beyond that
i may be off drugs, but it's made me off track
in fact, this right here very well could be the last rap
i ever do spit, i'll never do shit, that's that
f*** it i quit, suck on a d***, jackass
i'm done with this wack ass rap, kiss my black ass
nah, em, tell 'em to kiss my black ass, to clean parts, to shitty parts,
my bullet wounds, my beauty marks, the fif'll tell you're ass apart!
a game in this game, crush a motherf***ers free start,
shady paid me, shady crazy, fifty crazy rich, b****,
different day, nothing change, it's the same shit, trick,
teflon wrapped on, case i get clapped on,
d's searching the whip, glad i left the mac home,
still grindin', still shinin', n**** lord knows,
you rocking wit the kid to spit sicker sick flows,
i carried game's style for nine months and gave birth to it,
now i'm feeling like a proud father watching him do it,
e'eryday dre day, front and cause a maylay,
turn the town upside down with a frown upside down,
i smile through summan' fowl, and watch my money pile,
i'm f***in' with strict stacks, i'm kickin' you stripped fats,
i hit you with it, bag it, pump it, bring me mines right back!
boom boom chuck, boom b boom chuck!
boom boom chuck, go 'head, funky funk up!
boom boom chuck, boom b boom chuck!
boom boom chuck, yeah, that's what's up!
boom boom chuck, boom b boom chuck!
boom boom chuck, i hit yo' ass up!
boom boom chuck, boom b boom chuck!
boom boom chuck, yeah, that's what's up! boom boom chuck, boom b boom chuck!
boom boom chuck, shady, shady...."
"yeah, yo, i'm just gonna write down my first thoughts
see where this takes me
'cause i feel like i wanna punch the world
in the f***in' face right now, yeah!
let me explain just how to make greatness
straight out the gate, i'm 'bout to break it down
ain't no mistakes allowed, but make no mistake, i'm 'bout
to rape the alphabet, i may raise some brows
if i press the issue just to get the anger out full magazine could take staples out
savage but ain't thinkin' 'bout no bank account
but b****, i'm off the chain like kala brown
motherf***er, shut the f*** up when i'm talkin', lil' b****
i'm sorry, wait, what's your talent? oh, critiquin'
my talent? oh, b****, i don't know who the f*** y'all are
to give a sub par bar or even have an opinion or view
you mention me, millions of views
attention in news
i mention you, lose lose for me, win win for you
billions of views, your ten cents are two
skim through the music to give shit reviews
to get clicks, but b****, you just lit the fuse
don't get misconstrued, business as us'
shit list renewed, so get shit to do
or get dissed 'cause i just don't get
what the f*** half the shit is that you're listenin' to
do you have any idea how much i hate this choppy flow
everyone copies though? probably no
get this f***in' audio out my audi yo, adiós
i can see why people like lil yachty
but not me though
not even dissin', it just ain't for me
all i am simply is just an mc
maybe ""stan"" just isn't your cup of tea maybe your cup's full of syrup and lean
maybe i need to stir up shit, preferably
shake the world up if it were up to me
paul wants me to chill, y'all want me to ill
i should eat a pill, probably i will
old me killed the new me, watch him bleed to death
i breathe on the mirror, i don't see my breath
possibly i'm dead, i must be possessed
like an evil spell, i'm e v i l jam a crest whitestrip in the tip of my d***
with an ice pick, stick it in a vise grip
hang it on a spike fence, bang it with a pipe wrench
while i take my ballsack and flick it like a light switch
like vice president mike pence
back up on my shit in a sidekick
as i lay it on a spike strip
these are things that i'd rather do
than hear you on a mic
since nine tenths of your rhyme is about ice and
jesus christ, man, how many times is
someone gonna f*** on my b****? you won't ever see em icy
but as cold as i get on the m i c
i polarize shit, so the thames might freeze
and your skull might split
like i passed you upside it
b****, i got the club on smash like a nightstick turn down for what?
i ain't loud enough, nah, turn the valium up!
'cause i don't know how i'm gonna get your mouths to shut
now when it doesn't matter what caliber
i spit at, i'll bet a hundred thousand bucks
you'll turn around and just be like, ""man, how the f***
sourpuss gonna get mad just 'cause his album sucks?
and now he wants to take it out on us. "" but last week, an ex fan mailed me a copy
of the mathers lp to tell me to study
it'll help me get back to myself and she'll love me
i mailed the b**** back and said if i did that
i'd just be like everyone else in the f***ing industry
especially an effing recovery clone of me so finger bang, chicken wang, mgk, igg' azae'
lil pump, lil xan imitate lil wayne
i should aim at everybody in the game, pick a name
i'm fed up with bein' humble
and rumor is i'm hungry, i'm sure you heard bumblings
i heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach
i heard your mumblin', but it's jumbled in mumbo jumbo
the era that i'm from will pummel you, that's what it's comin' to
what the f*** you're gonna do when you run into it?
i'm gonna crumble you and i'll take a number two
and dump on you, if you ain't joyner
if you ain't kendrick or cole or sean then you're a goner
i'm 'bout to bring it to anyone in this b**** who want it
i guess when you walk into bk you expect a whopper
you can order a quarter pounder when you go to mcdonald's
but if you're lookin' to get a porterhouse
you better go get revival
but y'all are actin' like i tried
to serve you up a slider
maybe the vocals shoulda been auto tuned
and you woulda bought it
but sayin' i no longer got it
'cause you missed a line and never caught it
'cause it went over your head
because you're too stupid to get it
'cause you're mentally r*****ed
but pretend to be the smartest
with your expertise and knowledge
but you'll never be an artist
and i'm harder on myself than you could ever be regardless
what i'll never be is flawless, all i'll ever be is honest
even when i'm gone they're gonna say i brought it
even when i hit my forties like a f***in' alcoholic
with a bottle full of malt liquor
but i couldn't bottle this shit any longer
the fact that i know that i'ma hit my bottom
if i don't pull myself from the jaws of defeat and rise to my feet
i don't see why y'all even started with me
i get in beefs, my enemies die
i don't cease fire 'til at least all are deceased
i'm eastside, never be caught slippin'
now you see why i don't sleep, not even a wink, i don't blink
i don't doze off, i don't even nod to the beats
i don't even close my f***in' eyes when i sneeze
""aw, man! that bet cypher was weak, it was garbage
the thing ain't even orange—oh my god, that's a reach! ""
shout to all my colorblind people
each and everyone of y'all, if you call a fire engine green
aquamarine, or you think water is pink
""dawg, that's a date. "" ""looks like an olive to me. ""
""look, there's an apple! "" ""no, it's not, it's a peach! ""
so finger bang, pootie tang
burger kang, gucci gang, dookie, dang
charlamagne gonna hate anyway, doesn't matter what i say
give me donkey of the day
what a way for 2018 to get underway
but i'm gonna say everything that i wanna say
welcome to the slaughterhouse, b****! invite 'em in like a one a day
i'm not done 'cause i feel like the beast of burden
that line in the sand, was it even worth it?
'cause the way i see people turning's
makin' it seem worthless, it's startin' to defeat the purpose
i'm watchin' my fan base shrink to thirds
and i was just tryin' to do the right thing, but word
has the court of public opinion reached a verdict
or still yet to be determined?
'cause i'm determined to be me, critique the worship
but if i could go back, i'd at least reword it
and say i empathize with the people this evil serpent
sold the dream to that he's deserted
but i think it's workin'
these verses are makin' him a wee bit nervous
and he's too scurred to answer me with words
'cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered
but i know at least he's heard it
'cause agent orange just sent the secret service
to meet in person to see
if i really think of hurtin' him
or ask if i'm linked to terrorists
i said, ""only when it comes to ink and lyricists""
but my beef is more media journalists
i said my beef is more meaty, a journalist
can get a mouthful of flesh
and yes, i mean eating a penis
'cause they been pannin' my album to death
so i been givin' the media fingers
don't wanna turn this to a counselling sesh
but they been puttin' me through the wringer
so i ain't ironin' shit out with the press
but i just took this beat to the cleaners"
"it's all bad now man, it's all bad
cuz y'all done f***ed up now
yea! ha ha, new shit, aiyyo
i just want the whole world to know
that i did not start this, but i will finish it
comin' up, it never mattered what color you was
if you could spit, then you could spit
that's it, that's what it was
back when, motherf***ers was straight backpackin'
cipherin', fightin' for life in this raft
for the mic to get past, and you psyched and you gasped
then you hype, cuz you last
and you might whoop some ass
if you lost, then you lost
shake hands like a man and you swallowed it
when the unsigned hype column in the source was like
the only source of life
when the mics used to mean something, a four was like
you were the shit, now it's like the least you get
three and a half now just means you're a piece of shit
four and a half or five
means you're biggie, jigga, nas, or benzino
shit i don't even think you realize
you're playing with motherf***ers' lives
i done watched dre get f***ed on the chronic
probably cuz i was on it
now you f***ed me out of my mics twice, i let it slide
i said i wouldn't hold my f***in breath to get a five
shit i was right, i'da f***in died already tryin
i swear to god, i never lie, i bet that's why
you let that b**** give me that bullshit review
i sat and took it, i ain't look at the shit, we knew
you'd probably try and f*** us with obie and 50 too
*hock spit*, f*** a relationship we through
no more source for street cred, them days is dead
ray's got ak's to dave mays' head
every issue there's an eight page made men spread
will somebody please tell whoever braids his head
that i am not afraid of this f***in waste of lead
on my pencil, for me to write some shit this simple
so listen closely, as i break it down and proceed
this old g's about to get smoked like rolled weed
you don't know me or my motherf***ing mother
you motherf***ing punk
put me on your f***in cover just to sell your little
sell out mag, i ain't mad, i feel bad
here's an ad, here's a poster of ray ray and his dad
you wanna talk about some shit that you don't know about, yea?
let's talk about how you're puttin your own son out there
to try to eat off him because you missed your boat
you're never gonna blow, b****, you're just too old
no wonder you're sore now, lordy you're bored now
i'm pushing thirty, you're kickin forty's door down
b**** this is war now, and you'll never beat me
all you do is cheat me out of quotables
but you know that you'll always see me
on your tv, cuz you've got to stay up 'til
three in the morning to see your video played once on bet
so, hee hee hee, who has the last laugh? aftermath, yea
so on behalf of our whole staff, kiss our asshole cracks
we'll never fold or hold back, just know that
benzino's wack, no matter how many times i say his name
he'll never blow jack
you're better off tryin to bring rso back
look at your track record, that's how far it goes back
it's extortion, and ray owns a portion
so half of the staff up there is fresh out of jail from boston
bullyin and bossin dave like a slave
they completely brainwashed him and forced him to stay
locked in his own office
afraid of the softest, fakest, wannabe gangsta in new york
and it's pitiful, cuz i would have never said shit if you'da
kept your mouth shut, b****, now what?
hit it clue, spit it slay, new shit, exclusive
yo lantern, yo who kid, you know what to do with this
use it, i'm through, this is stupid
i can't believe i stooped to this bullshit to do this
and who you callin a b****... b****?"
"the wild.. gotham
the wild.. west ha ha, riiiiide..
all you see is the sun, reflectin off of the gun
i'm ready for the showdown, that go down at one
sweat on my brow, let's settle it now
i'ma show you how real cowboys get down
i'm polishin gold, waitin for this drama to unfold
i got a  rolled
feelin bold, gangsters blood runs cold
it's time to reload this old .45 colt
the wind's gusty, it's hot, muggy and dusty
bust a couple shots, make sure i'm not rusty
it's passed noon, he should be here soon
sip a little moonshine inside a saloon
all of a sudden i can hear the sound of hoofs
sounds like a thousand wolves
i cock back, put the toast in the holster and froze
i pose like a poster, he's closer than close
i hold the heat sturdy, i heard he fight's dirty
but i'ma put thirty inside him and leave early
and just when i went to fill him with hot lead
i put the gun to his head, and this is what he said
you never met me, and you'll probably never see me again
but i know you   the name's slim   you want revenge?
then don't shoot, i'm in the same boots as you
i'm tellin the truth, i got a price on my head too, cause when you..
chorus: 
you ride like a cowboy toward the sun
and life ain't fun, when you're on the run
got your gold and you got your gun
but life as an outlaw just begun
got your shotgun by your side
got your horse and you got your pride
you ride til there ain't no place to hide
it's sad cause the bad guys always die
 + he was ""shady,"" i seen by the look on his face
he said take ten paces  i took eight
spun around and i aimed straight for the brain
my  went bang but it only fired a blank, he said
 i put a clip in the gun, and pointed at his lungs
we both drew at the same time and stood stunned
i figured he was tellin the truth, that's why i didn't shoot
so what we gon' do, it's on you
the chronic!
who?
loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle
hid two pieces of gold inside of my saddle
we rolled two miles until we hit the spot
an old ghost town that everybody forgot
a place where they used to smoke chronic a lot
slim grabbed the shotgun 
this is the spot, they call him doc loveless
he's goin around sayin he took the game from us
but he ain't got no legs, they cut 'em off at the stomach
he's got mechanical legs, he spins webs
plus he's well respected by the hip hop heads
our mission   is to get him to stop layin eggs
and we can put him on his back down a flight of steps
i drew two guns, spun them on my fingers
kicked the swingin doors in, started gun slinging
i could hear somebody singin   it sounded like a ""g thang,""
and a verse from ""keep their heads ringin""
i said ""it's dre's day,"" and started to spray
against 1800, he pulls a ak
hollow tips started flyin every which way
that's when i seen dre in trouble and came with the gauge
i fired the first shot, spun his body around
he hit the ground and landed upside down
dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold
i grabbed two girlies and a  that's rolled
chorus 2x
always die..
the wild.. gotham
the wild.. west ha ha, riiiiide.."
"only reason i dissed you in the first place
is 'cause you denied seeing me
now i'm pissed off
sit back, homie, relax
in fact, grab a six pack
kick back while i kick facts, yeah, dre—sick track
perfect way to get back
wanna hear something wick wack?
i got the same exact tat that's on nick's back
i'm obsessed now, oh gee
is that supposed to be me in the video with the goatee?
wow mariah, didn't expect you to go balls out
b****, shut the f*** up
'fore i put all them phone calls out
you made to my house when you was wildin' out before nick
when you was on my d***
and give you something to smile about
how many times you fly to my house, still tryin' to count
better shut your lyin' mouth
if you don't want nick findin' out
you probably think 'cause it's been so long
if i had something on you i woulda did it by now
oh on the contrary, mary poppins
i'm mixin' our studio
session down and sendin' it to masterin' to make it loud
enough dirt on you to murder you
this is what the f*** i do
mariah it ever occur to you
that i still have pictures? however you prefer to do
and that goes for nick too, f*****
you think i'm scurred of you?
you're gonna ruin my career, you better get one
like i'ma sit and fight with you
over some slut b**** c***
that made me put up with her psycho ass over six months
and only spread her legs to let me hit once, yeah
what you gonna say, i'm lucky?
tell the public that i was so ugly
that you f***in' had to be drunk to f*** me?
second base, what the f*** you tell nick, pumpkin?
the second week we were dry humpin'
that's gotta count for somethin'
listen, girly, surely you don't want me to talk
about how i nutted early 'cause i ejaculated prematurely
and bust all over your belly and you almost started hurling
and said i was gross, go get a towel
your stomach's curling
or maybe you do
but if i'm embarrassin' me
i'm embarrassin' you
and don't you dare say it isn't true
as long as that song's gettin' airplay, i'm dissin' you
i'm a hair away from gettin' carried away and gettin' sued
i was gonna stop at sixteen, that was thirty two
this is thirty four bars, we ain't even third of the way through
damn slim, mariah played you, mariah who?
oh did i say ""whore, "" nick? i meant a liar too
like i've been goin' off on you all this time
for no reason, girl, you out your alcoholic mind
check your wine cellar, look at the amounts of all the wine
like i f***in' sit around and think about you all the time
i just think this shit is funny when i pounce you on a rhyme
but f*** it, now i'm 'bout to draw the line
and for you to cross it that's a mountain
that i doubt you wanna climb
i can describe areas of your house you wouldn't find
on an episode of cribs, a blow below the ribs
if i hear another word so don't go openin' your jibs
'cause every time you do it's like an overload of fibs
i ain't sayin' this shit again, ho
you know what it is
it's a warning shot, 'fore i blow up your whole spot
call my bluff and i'll release every f***in' thing i got
includin' the voicemails
right before you flipped your top
when me and luis were tryin'
to stick two cds in the same slot
slim shady, artful dodger
slim shady, artful dodger
 i love you too
let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear, boo
now what you say? yeah so what i'll do
is refresh your memory when you said now should i keep goin' or should we call truce?
 you bet your sweet ass i do
 and i'm superman, ooh
 comin' at you
so if you'll still be my then i'll still be your  yeah, i'm right here
 nope, not anymore dear
it cuts like a when i tell you get a but i'm movin' on with mine, nick
'cause that's your well tell her to shut her mouth then i'll leave her alone
if she don't  then i'ma just keep goin'
damn
i see mary ann, mary ann's saying cut the tape
cut the tape, knife"
"dre, just let it run.
hey yo turn the beat up a little bit.
hey yo... this song is for anyone... f*** it.
shut up and listen.
i sit back with this pack of zig zags, and this bag of this weed,
it gives me the shit needed to be, the most meanest mc on this earth.
and since birth i've been cursed, with this curse to just curse.
 and just blurt this berserk, and bizarre shit that works.
and it sells, and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension,
dispensin' these sentences, gettin' this stress that's been eatin me recently;
off of this chest, and i rest again peacefully. but at least have the decency in you to leave me alone,
when you freaks see me out, in the streets when i'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter;
to not come and speak to me. i don't know you and no, i don't owe you a motherf***ing thing!
i'm not mister n*sync, i'm not what your friends think.
i'm not mister friendly, i can be a prick.
if you tempt me, my tank is on empty. no patience is in me, and if you offend me...
i'm liftin' you ten feet, ...
in the air, i don't care who was there, and who saw me destroy you.
go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit.
i'll smile in the courtroom, and buy you a wardrobe.
i'm tired of arguin'. i don't mean to be mean, but that's all i can be, it's just me.
and...
and i am... whatever you say i am.
if i wasn't... then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am.
radio won't even play my jam.
'cause i am... whatever you say i am.
if i wasn't... then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am.
i don't know, it's just the way i am.
sometimes i just feel like my father, i hate to be bothered...
with all of this nonsense it's constant;
and, ""oh, it's his lyrical content,
the song 'guilty conscience' has gotten such rotten responses.""
and all of this controversy circles me,
and it seems like the media immediately points a finger at me. so i point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinky.
or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up,
when you don't give a f***, when you won't just put up...
with the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too.
when a dude's gettin bullied and shoots up his school,
and they blame it on marilyn. .
 and the heroin, where were the parents at?! and look where it's at, middle america,
now it's a tragedy, now it's so sad to see...
an upper class city, havin' this happenin. .
then attack eminem, 'cause i rap this way. .
but i'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel, that i need for the fire;
to burn, and it's burnin', and i have returned!
and...
and i am... whatever you say i am.
if i wasn't... then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am.
radio won't even play my jam.
'cause i am... whatever you say i am.
if i wasn't... then why would i say i am?
in the paper, the news, everyday i am.
i don't know, it's just the way i am.
i'm so sick and tired of bein' admired,
that i wish that i would just die, or get fired.
and dropped from my label, and stop with the fables.
i'm not gonna be able, to top on ""my name is."" and pigeon holed into some poppy sensation,
to cop me rotation at rock 'n roll stations.
and i just do not got the patience... to deal with these cocky caucasians;
who think, i'm some wigger who just tries to be black,
'cause i talk with an accent, and grab on my balls.
so they always keep askin' the same f***in' questions. what school did i go to? what hood i grew up in...
the why, the who, what, when, the where, and the how;
'till i'm grabbin my hair, and i'm tearin it out!
'cause they drivin' me crazy!  i can't take it, i'm racin', i'm pacin';
i stand and i sit... and i'm thankful for every fan that i get.
but i can't take a shit, in the bathroom,
without someone standin' by it.
no i won't sign your autograph,
you can call me an asshole...
i'm glad...
and i am... whatever you say i am.
if i wasn't... then why would i say i am?
in the papers, the news, everyday i am.
radio won't even play my jam!
'cause i am... whatever you say i am.
if i wasn't... then why would i say i am?
in the papers, the news everyday i am.
i don't know, it's just the way i am.
 hey! hey! hey!
 i don't know, it's just the way i am.
 hey! hey! hey!
 radio won't even play my jam.
 uhahhhhhhhhhh.
 'cause i am... whatever you say i am.
 hey! hey! hey!
 'cause i am... whatever you say i am.
 hey! hey! hey!
 'cause i am... whatever you say i am.
 hey! hey! hey!
 radio won't even play my jam.
 uhahhhhhhhhhh.
 'cause i am... whatever you say i am.
 hey! hey! hey!"
"yeah, you know what? haters are funny, man it's like, you're gonna hate it no matter what it is
yet you still click on it 
i want you to change, but don't change i want you to grow up, but don't age
i want the rage, but don't get too angry
i want the new, but old shady
i want you to say what they won't say just don't go too far, but go cray
i want you to almost lose it, man
it keep movin' the goal post, don't they?
just cut to the chase, like oj
in his bronco goin' off the roadway and get off my d***
if i said my balls were yarn, you b****es would crochet
all i ever wanted was a rope chain
from the day i saw cool j on soul train
now i got that, can go 2k
was one yellow and white gold plated
just to let 'em know i made it
i told my dawgs we gon' get right in they ear, yeah
wouldn't call, now dip, go in the lear, yeah
still have all these demons comin' for my neck, yeah, yeah
i ain't never comin' down, yeah, yeah
this pandemic got us in a recession
we need to reopen america black people dyin', they want equal rights
white people wanna get hair cuts some people protest, some people riot but we ain't never escapin' this virus to the cops that are racially biased we no longer enable these lies
you get 'em on tape, they stick to a story, like spider man crawin' up side of a wall and
some are just as unabiding as lawmen like garrett rolfe and like derek chauvin no cap, still riding with colin
though some people don't like me at all and some are like bees to flowers 'cause some people find me appalling ooh, i say a line, people are outraged the press slams me again  , the people aren't having it nowadays
give an album that i put out in like 2000 you griped about praise
but i wake up everyday even more caked up than the makeup on your clown face
and i lay my foundation
i told my dawgs we gon' get right in they ear, yeah
wouldn't call, now dip, gone in the lear, yeah
still have all these demons comin' for my neck, yeah, yeah
i ain't never comin' down  , yeah, yeah
i got a question what rhymes with pariah? mm, uh, lego? you just bit into the lit end of the wick
shit, i meant, shit end of the stick
i'm addicted to friction and mischief
it's like your b****'s midriff, shit gets my d*** stiff as a stickshift
d*** as in cheney, trip as in sailing
they bring my name up just to get ratings
it's like trying to choose between bizzy, layzie, and wish against krayzie
'cause i got a bone to pick with slim shady with thug  and harmony who attempt to diss hailie b****, i will go in like it's raining
and i get cancelled like once a day why would i go? it's more fun to stay you get me to leave, it's no f***in' way
i got a better chance of f***in' young m. a. ooh, sounds like i'm zoning
so me sayin' i'm out, nice to know me
it's like askin' me where my shin is
it's down right below knee uh, oh, well we can play hide the salami if your gal would like to blow me my wave is like a tsunami these flows you're still tryna rap your head around like you're a swami just call me the mic kamikaze with mike zombie and i'ma just keep bombing 'cause the game is mine, like an ied if they ever do cancel me like live pd
i said i'm takin' some of you with me if i'm leaving it's time to murder you now, sike, leave me
i might knee deep to the f***in' ice, z, z
rappin' circle around these ho's
just like gurgles and every word from my mouth so fire
i should be burnt to the ground
there's a f***in' circus in town, yeah b****, this verse finna clown icp
r. kelly sex tape, i see pee my shit is intense, like tipis
you gettin' wiped, like tp
you don't like me? you can bite my little white wee wee
and i repeat, you can bite my little white wee wee long as i like and ever since my pre teens, striped lee jeans and grandma nan's little black and white tv now i'm so bougie that i stick out my pinkie every time i drink tea
used to want a wife, sweet tea used to rock wife beaters, now i let your wife beat me so you can eat shit, but i might be the shit
so when i say ""eat shit, "" i mean me"
"there?s no need to say shit you already know
the question is just how far will this go
how far will he take it?
and when will he stop?
shady man i done told you once homie to easy up
but you just won?t listen will ya, nah i guess not
you just can?t can ya, man i can?t stand ya
you?re rotten, what you plottin? for us?
man when are you gonna let up
i guess things are gonna get much worse ?fore they get better
holy toledo it?s angelina jolie amigo
she told me yo shady just hand your penis to me i?ll deep throat
and brad if you try to stand between us then we?re gonna see bro
who was a fantasy i don?t mean to damage your ego
you f*****s wanna rassle i shove a f cking jar of vaseline up inside your asshole
and rope it shut with a lasso
couple of crushed lexapro broken up wit the capsule or paxil
just incase i aint dope enough wit the raps though
coke is cut with tobacco
smoke it up then go wacko
this is what happens when you mix a cocunut with tabasco
shady let go, the hoe has been choked up enough
let her ass go
not till jessica simpson lets go of the tuna casserole
i used to love her hooters now carmen elektra cuter
strap an extension cord to her arm and electrocute her
i?m off my f cking meds but i?m on an electric scooter
i might just scoot by and shoot my mum in the neck with rugers
spit in jasons face while i vomit on freddy krugar
they can?t even get jeffrey dahmer to pet the cougar
now i?m gone get the rectal thermometer, get the lubra 
cation and get the patient some darvocet to chew cuz
there?s no need to say shit you already know
the question is just how far will this go
how far will he take it?
and when will he stop?
b.o.b i done told you once homie to easy up, geez
there?s no need to say shit you already know
the question is just how far will this go
cause i will never lay down?
and i will never let up?
with the soul of a sharman
i leave the beat than vomit
like a bullemic woman with an uneasy stomach
i pass by people on the street they seem like sheep and zombies
stiffer than a therapeutic pair of jeans you run in
so can you hear me coming
eminem this beat is absolutely disgusting
it?s probably go diseases on it
i?m just being honest, i can see the comments
i can see the evolution as we creep up on it
i put that music in your veins like a needle junkie
shit i just do this for the haters, i dont need the money
i diarrhea on track so it needs plunging
somebody tell these girls please release my undies
nobody really understands my language
i find it complicated just to hold a conversation
but still i got a whole lot of patience
sittin? back watching earth from my space station
there?s no need to say shit you already know
the question is just how far will this go
how far will he take it?
and when will he stop?
shady man i done told you once homie to easy up
but you just won?t listen will ya, nah i guess not
you just can?t can ya, man i can?t stand ya
you?re rotten, what you plottin? for us?
man when are you gonna let up
i guess things are gonna get much worse ?fore they get better
oh my gosh i put natasha bendingfield in a washer
watch it go from rinse to spin cycle
its like i got ya hypnotising like i gotcha
i gotcha pychologically f cked
i would like an apology what
tell that psycho to stick a tyco and a white tricycle up his butt
and glue the seat of bicycle to his nuts
i?m as cold as a muthaf cking icicle on my nut
i aint nuttin? nice, man i like to pull knives and i like to cut
the poster addict for post tramatic stress
i guess this is the most dramatic i?ve been in a while
this is the closest that its come to the marshall mathers
i can hear him start to gather
i don?t paint the portrait of the picture perfect partridge family
this aint your orphan annie, no this is more uncanny
kick down dakota fannings front door while the whore is tanning
of course he can, man he just saw her fanny then murdered her while he danced around the room and wore her panties
there?s no need to say shit you already know
the question is just how far will this go
how far will he take it?
and when will he stop?
shady man i done told you once homie to easy up
but you just won?t listen will ya, nah i guess not
you just can?t can ya, man i can?t stand ya
you?re rotten, what you plottin? for us?
man when are you gonna let up
i guess things are gonna get much worse ?fore they get better"
"aye boo get these motherf***ers
and pass that jack
i see you b****es talkin' loud
but you ain't sayin' shit
get the f*** from round' here
you don't rep my shit
you ain't from my city
you don't know bout' this
you want that drama
you ain't ready for it b****!
throw it up!  throw it up!
throw it up!  you ain't ready for it b****
throw it up!  throw it up!
throw it up!  you ain't ready for it b****
i already got..
2 cars in the yard that don't run, so why would i wanna break shit down for you?
better me confuse with the punchlines and bars that i launch
here the king of archery come, with a cracker d***..
to f*** you in that p**** carpet you munch
if i'm not hardly the one, you must be barely the one
barely then really you kidding, b**** i'm the prodical son
and i'm smoking like my daddy, d dr d drinkin' like my mama
c c country like my uncles, stutterin' like a cd in a trunk
bump, bump, bump, bump
and i'm in a blue chevy.. runnin' over motherf***ers in first
i ain't even shift gears yet, i ain't even here yet, i'm outta this earth
right?  better just hit the surface
and i'm 'bout to walk into a bank with a shank and a black can of paint to check the clerk
 b**** you better take your purse! i got a brick of herb
and a hit to serve, and i'm feeling like i might just hit the curb
so get the f*** outta my way buddy you don't wanna walk around the chicken house
with a heart of a puppy dog with yelawolf and eminem, shit..
sufferin' succotash, yeah suck a d***, b****
i see you b****es talkin' loud
but you ain't sayin' shit
get the f*** from round' here
you don't rep my shit
you ain't from my city
you don't know bout' this
you want that drama
you ain't ready for it b****!
throw it up!  throw it up!
throw it up!  you ain't ready for it b****
throw it up!  throw it up!
throw it up! you ain't ready for it b****
b**** please you don't wanna step up to this mrs g a n g s t a
will make a n**** ?? knees when
i'm up in the buildin'
preachin to my children
i don't be takin' no shit from you haters
you'll make me hurt one of your feelings nanananana pick your face up off the floor
i got you feelin' sad now
you be on that hokey wag
hokey wag is bullshit
run into this gangsta, have your preacher at pull pit, b****
i was born on the mississippi riva'
take no shit from a b**** or a n****
so so crazy gotta f***ed up temper
bi pola not nicki i'm worser, i'll hurt ya
haha, i got a crazy ass mind game
ma n****, i'm a lion, untamed
hunt ya ass down in my jungle
i do this
i tell them hoes
""you ain't ready for it b****!""
i see you b****es talkin' loud
but you ain't sayin' shit
get the f*** from round' here
you don't rep my shit
you ain't from my city
you don't know bout' this
you want that drama
you ain't ready for it b****!
throw it up!  throw it up!
throw it up!  you ain't ready for it b****
throw it up!  throw it up!
throw it up! you ain't ready for it b****
i see you b****es talkin' loud
but you ain't sayin'...
me and yelawolf, tear the roof, off this motherf***er
you ain't got the umph, you're a hoof, to the foot of an elephant
hello tuts, you look so eloquent, that's what i tell a c***
come sit up front cause you're kickin' my seat and i'm trying to the tell the cashier what i want!
they say i act like an asshole, when i pull up at the white castle
and i ask for an application, throw it back in her face an'
tell the b**** i'm a rapper, then i wack her in the head with a whopper
that i bought from bk, you expect me to be proper?
b**** you better pop in a cd of me immediately, slut, ho
skidda dee da da. prada? nadda
chance i was thinkin' about buying you some clothes
but target was closed so i decided to mosey on over to k mart
but the doors was locked, what about some shoes i thought
great i suppose, so i go to payless but what'dya know
they don't carry a size 8 in hoes! ... oh!
this is ugly boy swag , puttin' toe tags
on you motherf***ing ho bags, what a trailer trash pioneer
i am here, that's why i'm here
i don't got a rhyme book it's more like a motherf***in' diary of diarreah!
me, yelawolf and gangsta boo came here to show you a thing or two
'bout sign language, middle fingers aimed at you so we don't gotta scream at you!
ow! i just bit my bottom lip, it was an accident
i went to go tell 'em all to go get bucked
but i'm not gonna bite my tongue, little b**** throw it up
i see you b****es talkin' loud
but you ain't sayin'...
http://www.vagalume.com.br/yelawolf/throw it up.html#ixzz1dko3xgqz"
"what y'all know about this fab shit, huh?
te baby come on, uh huh trackmasters uh huh
look we can shop together mama, his and hers
fifth av. shit baby, fendi furs
i ain't tight with the chips girl
i'm down to splurge
if it's ice you like i'll light up your life vs2 clarity alright
i play the block i ain't the type to punch your clock
i'm the type to put the metal to the floor in the drop
i live life in the fast lane
i make a grove of hash
hustle hard for cash so i can spoil that ass
it's like she loves me, she loves me not
cause her friends pump her head hull of bullshit alot
i gave jewels i imported for her
chanel bags i bought from boosters
to the hood i introduced her
she feisty every now and then she wanna fight me
people saying if i get knocked she ain't gon write me
the sick part is all that bullshit excites me
a thug's what i want
a thug's what i need
even though my friends don't seem to see
that he lace me with money
he knows when i want it
and i'm never gonna leave my baby
my thugged out no good baby
i'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrollin corners
looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
i'm meaner in action than roscoe beatin james todd sr.
across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments i grew up in a wild hood, as a hazardous youth
with a f***ed up childhood, that i used as an excuse
and ain't shit changed, i kept the same mindstate
since the third time that i failed 9th grade
you probably think that i'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it
i don't promote violence, i just encourage it i laugh at the sight of death
as i fall down a cement flight of steps and land inside a bed of spider webs
so throw caution to the wind; you and a friend
can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
shit, why not, blow your brain out, i'm blowin mine out
f*** it, you only live once, you might as well die now!
a thug's what i want
a thug's what i need
even though my friends don't seem to see
that he lace me with money
he knows when i want it
and i'm never gonna leave my baby
my thugged out no good baby
uh, so mean, never seen the green, knahmean?
this jump off need two trampolines
rock hard jeans sag low, new timberlands
i works it like missy and timbaland
cuban link chain hang e emblem
chick 'round me multiplyin like gremlins
word to my momma, i bring drama
like osama, i'ma problem, period comma
i come through with the bizkit, limp'n
the underground kingz in the building, pimpin
oh no, they must be feelin me
pinch me now, this don't feel real to me
oh yeah, it's my son's communion
next month is my fan's reunion
write this down in your pad
i'm thirty  and a half, and yeah i'm a sagg'
a thug's what i want
a thug's what i need
even though my friends don't seem to see
that he lace me with money
he knows when i want it
and i'm never gonna leave my baby
my thugged out no good baby
a thug is what i want
and a thug is what i need
and my friends don't understand
how my baby laces me
a thug is what i want
and a thug is what i need
and my friends don't understand
and i think its jealousy"
"perhaps i should mention that we have decided that this
the flip, or ""homicide"", is a little special
a little too macabre for the squeamish
therefore, we have labeled it—"
"yo yo yo yo yo this is my motherf***ing anthem to hip hop music cause i'm gonna keep doing hip hop music
until the day that i die 
yo i'm into voodoo, tarot cards and ugji boards
lighting candles camping out at haunted beach resorts
i write the dark shit, and rap about perverted violence
ghost stories of people murdered on deserted islands
dressed in jean shorts, high tops and tube socks
holding a rifle, with a life full of drama like tupac's
jumping off roof tops drunk after i do shots
landing in someone's backyard getting chewed up by two rotts
i got a new watch and two rings with huge rocks
this rap shit got cash coming out the blue like nude cops
i use to sell pizza's, now i got twelve visa's
so tell jesus i'm gonna quit sending when hell freezes
that's why my brain is out of order
that's probley why my nights are getting colder and my day seems shorter
but as the world turns and i keep growing older
i be living this hip hop till hell freezes over
b**** till hell freezes over
i be living this hip hop till hell freezes over
and as the world turns and i keep growing older
i be living this hip hop till hell freezes...over
yo i use to be to heavy in that cruising rap shit crap
i think i f***ed my head up listing to acid rap
i go to party's bumping nasty nas's new song
and smoke pot till i get high and i stare at shit for too long
like this weed is laced aint, it taste tainted
your whole place fainted, i woke up with my face painted
spaced out like sci fi t.v
f*** icp buy my cd
cause while i'm screaming while i'm handing out promo tapes of my debut
telling b****es let me eat your p**** while i shave you
aint no shame in my game i turn the party out
making everybody shout for the rapper with potty mouth
that's why my brain is out of order
that's probley why my nights are getting colder and my day seems shorter
but as the world turns and i keep growing older
i be living this hip hop till hell freezes over
b**** till hell freezes over
i be living this hip hop till hell freezes over
and as the world turns and i keep growing older
i be living this hip hop till hell freezes...over
uh, uh uh uh uh
ah ah ah ah
uh uh uh uh
ah ah ah ah
uh uh uh uhah ah ah ah "
"verse 1
when there come and left for dead
i've been out of my head
and now i wanna be bigger
bein' here with you
it's not so hard to be
i can see my dreams
i know im gunna be better
my friends always say
chorus
my friends always say
that everything will be okay
but it don't always, work out that way
so her i am again
beleivin in, cause i remember when
baby
i had the time of my life
everything is right with you
after all that i've been through
i aint tried to lose
this time of my life, with you
baby
verse 2
people say i'm out of line
so much on my mind
like i wanna be bigger
sometimes it dont rhyme
but when you're here with me
i have poetry
i know im gunna be better
and my friends always say
one day they will see
the giant baby
finally see me smile
hear me laughing, out loud
my voice will be heard
its no longer absurd
and i hope you hear
cause baby, baby
i haaaaddd...
i had the time of my life
everything is right with you
after all that i've been through
i aint tried to lose
gotta make my move and groove
everything i can
i had the time of my life
time of my life, with you
baby, take my hand
because im going to go on to
this time of my life, with you
baby
i had the time of my life
time of my life, with you"
"yeah, i'm sorry what did you say?
oh, i can't hear you
i have an ear inf***tion and i c*** finger it out yeah
it's my alter ego's fault, these evil thoughts can be so dark
cerebral palsy, three zolofts
i eat those off to rico suave, look it up
cadillac with a ladder rack in the back, with a cracked axel
a backpack full of paxil
a black satchel, a nap sack and a flask full of 'gnac and jack daniels
girl, let's go back, back to my castle i don't wanna hassle you, alexandra
but my d***'s an acronym 'cause it stands for you you, wait, alexandra who? all i know is friday, i met you saturday, i'll probably forget you
guess that's what the molly and x do 'cause who the f*** am i laying next to? but ever since d nicе ""to tha rescue""
feel a fresh crеw  , been a lab rat from a test tube  , i'm goin' in like the red roof you don't like it, eat a cock 'til your jaw breaks
call it caught between a rock and a hard place
like a sasquatch in a crawlspace
'cause you're watching your heart race like you're scarface
in a car chase with the cops or an arcade
stuck inside of a mario kart race, stuck in saw blades
at a stop and a start pace
what i'm tryin' to say is, i'm drivin' 'em all crazy
i can't understand a word you say i think this way i prefer to stay i won't stop even when my hair turns grey 'cause they won't stop until they cancel me 
i see the rap game then attack the verses turn into a graveyard packed with hearses just like your funeral, i'm at your service pockets on stuffed like a taxidermist just landed in los angeles when this chick angela and her grandmother in a tan
colored van pulled up with a hand full of xans
and a substantial amount of ganja, just to ask what my
plans for the night are i said sneakin' to the sleep inn for the weekend and pretend it's a five star
yeah, i leap into the deep end of the pool, i can show you where the dives are
we don't even gotta drive far
i know this spot that is so live, but i'm tryna get some head first, like a nose dive so many side chicks, can't decide which to slide with and which should i ditch
so when it comes to ass, b****, i get behind like the heimlich had one chick who liked to flip sometimes on some switchin' sides shit
pushed her out the side, kicked, then i flipped
the lil' white b**** off like a light switch it's okay not to like my shit
everything's fine, drink your wine, b****
and get offline, quit whinin', this is just a rhyme, b****
but ask me, will i stick to my guns like adhesive tape?
does bill cosby sedate once he treats the cheesecake and the decent steak?
you think gettin' rid of me's a piece of cake?
i'm harder than findin' harvey weinstein a date and that's why they say i got more lines than black friday
so save that shit for the damn library you heard of chris christophesen?  well, i am piss piss off'ed eson paul's askin' for christmas off again
i said, ""no, "" then i spit this song for him, it goes
i can't understand a word you say i think this way i prefer to stay i won't stop even when my hair turns grey 'cause they won't stop until they cancel me 
b**** i can make an orange rhyme with banana, oranana
eating pork rinds, sword fightin' in pajamas
at the crib, playin' fortnite with your grandma
but i'm more like i'm 4'5"" with the grammar
b****, 'bout to show you why your five favorite rappers, can't touch this
but before i get the hammer, i should warn you i'm thor like in this manner
but the day i lose sleep over you critiquin' me or
i ever let you cocksuckers eat at me
i'd need to be a motherf***in' pizzeria, but you ain't gettin' no cheese from me
i went from lil' ceasers, blt ses, grilled cheeses
bein' dirt poor to filthy rich, i'm still me, b****
like a realtor, it's realty, b**** aftermath, b****, whole camp's lit
we put out fire, dre stamps it
with my cohorts, hit up bogart
yeah, got your whole squad yellin', ""oh, god""
here comes marshall, with no holds barred
b****, i'm a hurricane, you're a blow hard
like your old broad, she full of semen, like the coast guard
and life's been pretty good to me so far, for the most part
had a couple of run in's with popo, caught
a couple assault charges, got a few priors like crowbars
which is so odd 'cause i'm forty eight now
that 5 0's startin' to creep up on me like a patrol car
i'll be an old fart, but you don't want no part, so b****, don't start
simmer down, compose yourself, mozart
i ain't went nowhere, call me coleslaw
'cause i'm out for the cabbage and i'm so raw
and if time is money, you have no clocks
and any folk caught within close proximity's gettin' colt cocked
my enemies i'm a chimney give me the smoke, opps
and r. i. p. to king von, and it don't stop, and i know not
what the f*** you say? i told y'all, it ain't me, it's my alter ego's fault
but if y'all wanna cancel me, no prob'
i'll tell you the same thing i told paul
i can't understand a word you say i think this way i prefer to stay i won't stop even when my hair turns grey 'cause they won't stop until they cancel me "
"women singing:
tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight
verse 1:
i'm getting mad love, i'm snuggling hugs
druggling thugs, smuggling drugs, juggling jobs, guzzling jugs
so here's a toast to federal checks
hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh
we travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks
to find babbling max, gaffling tracks
i grapple an axe for them baffling acts
the mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax
still in my yard when i sculpted the culprit
the tall shit that will end up with his skull split
then i buried the hatchet, i carried on my back
butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it
baby all i wanna do is swallow one and two
smoke a little bit and follow one of you
back home when the party ends
so tonight i'm dropping naughty hints
to the finest women in the audience
chorus:
women singing:
tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight 
eminem: cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
cause we came here to do this tonight
till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
cause we came here to do this tonight
till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
verse 2:
ayo, biters are like tarantulas, vandealous
living as scandalous as a television evangelist
but i can handle this, i'm the rhyme biter crime fighter
caped crusader, taking care of undeserving lime lighters
i think a living never meant for me
experimentally i found a way to spread interamentally
when i stumbled upon this resolution
by using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution
you couldn't see me with binoculars
i armed like an octopus
step on stage and you get socked and pushed
talking that junk like you went black, guarded your back
come battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act
when i rap i represent it and will never referee in it
every minute so when i win it you never resent it
i'm forever demented, come up with funk, i'll never be scented
you got the point when i cleverly said it
chorus:
women singing:
tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight 
eminem: cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
cause we came here to do this tonight
till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
cause we came here to do this tonight
till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
verse 3:
eminem is heading skyward
for those who thought that i would make you bored and treat you like a piece
of plywood
i've got miracle lyrical capability all in me
with the agility to escape a killer bee colony
so get your cameras and capture how miraculous
i rap for all you draculas and showed you all how whack you was
i meant it as a dis, cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this
i'm hazardous enough already as it is
without you adding fuel to the fire
i'm cruel to the liar
who fails to recognize my reign of hell, rule to the sire
clinical studies show that i'm cynical
there's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow
i'm sure the party people can agree
that i'm enchanting, with the romantic
freaking the vocals so frantically
so throw your hands up in the atmosphere
and let them know the only party that was phat was here, just be like
chorus:
women singing:
tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight 
eminem: cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
cause we came here to do this tonight
till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
cause we came here to do this tonight"
"women singing:
tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight
verse 1:
i'm getting mad love, i'm snuggling hugs
druggling thugs, smuggling drugs, juggling jobs, guzzling jugs
so here's a toast to federal checks
hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh
we travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks
to find babbling max, gaffling tracks
i grapple an axe for them baffling acts
the mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax
still in my yard when i sculpted the culprit
the tall shit that will end up with his skull split
then i buried the hatchet, i carried on my back
butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it
baby all i wanna do is swallow one and two
smoke a little bit and follow one of you
back home when the party ends
so tonight i'm dropping naughty hints
to the finest women in the audience
chorus:
women singing:
tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight 
eminem: cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
cause we came here to do this tonight
till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
cause we came here to do this tonight
till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
verse 2:
ayo, biters are like tarantulas, vandealous
living as scandalous as a television evangelist
but i can handle this, i'm the rhyme biter crime fighter
caped crusader, taking care of undeserving lime lighters
i think a living never meant for me
experimentally i found a way to spread interamentally
when i stumbled upon this resolution
by using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution
you couldn't see me with binoculars
i armed like an octopus
step on stage and you get socked and pushed
talking that junk like you went black, guarded your back
come battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act
when i rap i represent it and will never referee in it
every minute so when i win it you never resent it
i'm forever demented, come up with funk, i'll never be scented
you got the point when i cleverly said it
chorus:
women singing:
tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight 
eminem: cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
cause we came here to do this tonight
till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
cause we came here to do this tonight
till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
verse 3:
eminem is heading skyward
for those who thought that i would make you bored and treat you like a piece
of plywood
i've got miracle lyrical capability all in me
with the agility to escape a killer bee colony
so get your cameras and capture how miraculous
i rap for all you draculas and showed you all how whack you was
i meant it as a dis, cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this
i'm hazardous enough already as it is
without you adding fuel to the fire
i'm cruel to the liar
who fails to recognize my reign of hell, rule to the sire
clinical studies show that i'm cynical
there's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow
i'm sure the party people can agree
that i'm enchanting, with the romantic
freaking the vocals so frantically
so throw your hands up in the atmosphere
and let them know the only party that was phat was here, just be like
chorus:
women singing:
tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight 
eminem: cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
cause we came here to do this tonight
till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
cause we came here to do this tonight
we don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
cause we came here to do this tonight
till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright"
"hey! hey, stop, hey. please stop, f*** stop!
thank god you stopped.
f***, my f***ing on star isn't working,
i left my f***ing phone at home!
god, i've been standing out here for like, an hour
i'm soaking wet, freezing
thank you so much. really, you're a life saver
what are you doing?
f***ing! get away from me! what the f***! f***in asshole!
get away from me you motherf***er! get away!
get away you f***in freak! get away from me!
goddamit f***! help me!"
"e when we touchdown
t in the midwest we ok
every body know them southern boys love that bass
e atlanta go bananas
alabama, 'ouisiana, mississippi tenekee every mother
f***in state
when we touchdown
t go right from the plane
to the range
e when we touchdown
t on a private plane gettin brain 'til we
e touchdown
there ain't no way to keep em quiet
with t.i. and shady baby, we bout to incite a riot
when we touchdown
when we get in town
you know how we gettin down
pull up clean and hop on out
snatch all the freaks and walk on out
i'm livin what they talkin 'bout
shinin if it dark or not
that 100 ex double r youll find that in the parkin
lot
you barkin up the wrong tree
i do this shit for zone 3
4,5 and 6 as well as 1
atlanta i am forever son
still be on whatever coast
ridin blowin' heavy smoke
em you better tell'em,
folk won't hesitate to let'em go
they know i put that green light on them haters
keep on tryin me ill put that beam right on ya ???
and you don't wanna see tip he outrageous
try and keep him in a cage,
but some how he keep escapin
thats why i be on vacation
virgin islands i be takin
private planes,out to spain
my g4 flyin i ain't fakin
the money ain't a thing,
think i'm lyin you're mistaken
you can find long lines of all kinds of b****es
waitin
chorus
welcome to the midwest yes
where them detroit playaz
ball like you have no idea
them boys here got the whole place
lookin like its candy painted ain't it
like we left the kids at home and just let'em loose
with the crayons
f*** i just hit a jogger
people lookin like frogger
they hoppin outta the way
whenever they see marhsall's car comin'
the kids painted my windows with black permanent
marker
and left the rest of the car covered colored like
swirl pops
and i got the base thumpin
but i'm bound to bump into somethin
kids are flyin through the air lookin like theyre
crumpin
the way theyre tumblin
and i gotta do somethin
but as soon as i hit the car wash
to get the tar off,
then its right back at it tomorrow
theyre like, damn this is in
so get with the trend
this is for the pimps
listenin to mims
nail polish on the rims
and now its custom chrome
but i gotta go do a show
so go on with yah bad selves,
just have it back to normal
chorus
from my arrival, to my departure
guaranteed i put the d i c k in somebodys daughter
é i still have my way
with the ladies was cross the water
flew to paris from haiti, this some shit that i
thoughta
its ironic that this shit that we bobbin
make us psychotic
it's a threat to corporate america
thats why they runnin from it
how can they be so ignorant?
look at what hip hop done done
it's allowed us to run a business
legitimating our money
got us outta the ghettos
and relocated our mommys
i made it all the way here,
no way u takin it from me
so excuse me oprah honey
i'm sorry really i promise
but n****s b****es and hoes do exist
i'm just bein honest
??? me bein punished
why is you so astonished?
nah i ain't got a degree just intelligence and a
bundle
now u ain't gotta like me
i know millions of folk who love me
you can tell how they yellin and screamin and waitin
for me
chorus
by: peregrina ;d"
"eminem: aite
fred durst: check! slim shady, do the mic. kid
i don't do black music
i don't do withe music
i make fight music
for high school kids
i pull side full grips
when i drive like this with a slipped disk
from a limp bizkit diss
i just missed the gift list for christmas gifts
so i get pissed and can't pick which wrist to slit
little rich kids in cribs
don't attempt this shit
just step back
while i prep up to pimp this b****
so i said to the girl, i'm like
""what up girl?""
""shut up girl!""
and showed her a cut up squirrel
she screamed bloody murder so loud everybody heard her
slapped me in the mouth and called me a nutty murderer
i moved on to two blondes
and kissed 'em on a futon
i looked at 'em both and i was like
""look, check this out toots, i'm lookin' for cookie pus""
i need to speak to 'em immediately
they played my video on mtv last week
and just when i was thinkin' i was all that and then some
in comes fred durst
yo shady let me get some
who knows what galaxy i came from
one where a bass drum hung from my high chair
now i'm a nightmare
you stay right there
i got the diva
hold the flavor of a single
see me and shady?
i think we got a lock down
shocked by the sound
i got you cruisin' with your top down
these two blondes
i offered 'em both a drink
and this you would think
could get the party started
but instead them girls turned their heads
opened up their mouths
smelt like somebody farted
so if it's time for me to move on
shady said the livin' room was a dance floor
so turn me loose
i was cuttin' the rug with this chick
bumped into this dude who was drunk
and a prick
ramblin' on about how
he was gonna kill me
wow!
i spilled a drink on his shirt
but no  he insisted we should go
before i could drop 'em
shady had to clock 'em
the music stopped
the party stood in shock
so i looked around
grabbed the cutest girl and did the smurf
turn me loose
turn me loose
turn me loose
turn me loose
this party's goin' my way
or no way at all
but don't you
turn me loose
turn me loose
turn me loose
this party's goin' my way
or no way at all
turn me loose
you better tell 'em to come re shingle the roof
just keep feedin' me free drinks till i puke
and fred'll ask me to lead sing in his group
i'm sick at the barn
i'm not bein' approached
cuz fred's over there stealin' all of my hoes
i walked up to these saimese twins
and asked to have a threesome
told 'em two heads are better that one
plus i respect how y'all roll together as one
got a slap in the teeth and a kick in the groin
stood up like ""ay wait, where you goin"" oh well
three strikes and i'm out
i struck out and stood tied to the road i ain't tryin' no more
f*** it  i'm chillin'
get a shot of yable fell asleep on the ceiling
who knows what galaxy i came from
one where a bass drum hung from my high chair
now i'm a nightmare
you stay right there
i got the diva
hold the flavor of a single
see me and shady?
i think we got a lock down
shocked by the sound
i got you cruisin' with your top down
these two blondes
i offered 'em both a drink
and this you would think
could get the party started
but instead them girls turned their heads
opened up their mouths
smelt like somebody farted
so if it's time for me to move on
shady said the livin' room was a dance floor
so turn me loose
i was cuttin' the rug with this chick
bumped into this dude who was drunk
and a prick
ramblin' on about how
he was gonna kill me
wow!
i spilled a drink on his shirt
turn me loose
turn me loose
turn me loose
turn me loose
this party's goin' my way
or no way at all
but don't you
turn me loose
turn me loose
turn me loose
this party's goin' my way
or no way at all"
"slim mother f***in shady....alright
missy elliot, timbo, c'mon, yo
verse 1:
i'm homicidal, and suicidal, with no friends
holdin a gun with no handles, just a barrel at both ends
sprayin techs at you
untill u see the f***in legs full of bullets holes and the exit wounds layin next to you.
f***in mad dog, foamin out the mouth
f*** mouth, my whole house is foamin out the couch
jumped outta a 93 floor of a buildin
and shot every window out on the way to the groundwoke up to a hospital staff
got up and laughed
chopped em in half
and sufficated your oxygen mask
if i get any higher ima get the east and west beefin again
fly back to detroit and stand in the cross fire
 oh f***...oh shit
i got the ?? ready
what time are you gettin off.....work
or shall i say
what time are you comin over
verse 2:
yo, yo, im only smilin when im violent,
got on the plane wylin,
told the piolet to fly me to tylenol island
stewardess like ""you restless?""
""no b****, im rest full, so hold this f***in jet still so i can eat this pretzels""
forget school,
the other kids are disrespectfull,
they hold me down and play connect the dots with my freckles
i can't take it
i'm tryin to gain weight,
so i eat steak
and swallow the whole plate
and weigh myself, naked
without albulms
to teach kids family values
cuz every mom and dad should allo you to pop vaiulums
and never hit sum 1 unless you got a reason
and if there ain't a reason
make 1 up and just start swingin"
"a lot of people ask me
where the f*** i’ve been at the last few years
shit i don't know
but i do know, i'm back now
haha
here comes the rain and thunder now
nowhere to run, to run to now
i’ve disappeared, don’t wonder how
looking for me
i'm underground
here comes the rain and thunder now
nowhere to run, to run to now
i’ve disappeared, don’t wonder how
looking for me
i'm underground
dre i’m down here, under the ground dig me up
broken tibias fibias, yeah fix me up
sixty sluts all of ‘em dying from mass afixial
after they sip piss through a christopher reeves sippy cup
dixy cups toxins boxes of oxy pads
enough oxycotin to send a f***ing ox to rehab
wack job in the back with a black stocking cap
jacking off to a hockey mask at a boxing match
 yes he can
i just did f***** now guess again
better text message your next of kin
tell him shits about to get extra messy especially when
i flex again and throw a f***ing lesbian in wet cement
so f*****y f*****y f*****y raggedy ann and andy
no raggedy andy and andy no it can't be, it can't be
yes it can be the f***ing anti christ is back danny
its satan in black satin panties
this is amityville calamity got damnit insanity pills
fanny pack filled with zanax
through every nook and cranny
lookin for trannys milk and cookies spilt on my silk neglociet looky
razor balades wit me to make you bleed
cases of maboline make up lay on the table of weed
slim shady shit sounds like a fable to me
until he jumps out the f***ing toilet when you're taking a pee
here comes the rain and thunder now
nowhere to run, to run to now
i’ve disappeared, don’t wonder how
looking for me
i'm underground
here comes the rain and thunder now
nowhere to run, to run to now
i’ve disappeared, don’t wonder how
looking for me
i'm underground
six seaman samples seventeen strands of hair
found in the back of a van after the shoot at vanity fair
hannah montana prepare to elope with a can opener
and be cut open like cantaloupe with canopy beds
with glad bags, yeah glad to be back
'cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack dab in rehab
f***ing doctor i didn’t understand a damn what he said
i planned to relapse the second i walked out of that b****
two weeks in brighton, i aint enlighten
bitin’ into a f***ing vicodin like i ‘am viking
oh, lightning strike it might be a f***ing sign i need a psychic
evaluation, f*** jason it’s friday the nineteenth
that means it’s just a regular day
and this is the kind of shit i think of regularly
f***ing lesbians shouldn’t of had her legs in the way
now she’s pregnant and g**
missing both legs and begging to stay.
here comes the rain and thunder now
nowhere to run, to run to now
i’ve disappeared, don’t wonder how
looking for me
i'm underground
here comes the rain and thunder now
nowhere to run, to run to now
i’ve disappeared, don’t wonder how
looking for me
i'm underground
tell the critics i’m back and i’m coming
to spit back an abundance
hit a f** with onions
then split a bag of funions
mad at me understandable
cannibal shooting animal
out of a cannon and have him catapult at an adult
captain of a cult with an elite following
to turn halloween back to a trick of treat holiday
have micheal myers looking like a liar
swipe his powers replace his knife with flowers and a stack of flyers
hit jason vorheys with a forty
stuck a repository up his ass
and made him tell me a story
gave hannibal elector a f***ing nectarine
and sat him in the f***ing fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture
walked up elm street with a f***ing whiffle bat drew
fought freddy krougar and edward scissor hands too
and came out with a little scratch oww
lookin like a got in a f***in pillow fight with a triple fat goose
insanity can it be vanity, wheres the humanity
in havin a twist of fantasy with a arm an leg amputee
straight jacket with 108 brackets
and a strap the wraps twice around my back then they latch it
cut ya f***in head off and ask where you headed off to?
get it headed off too?
medice this headaches awful, this anistetics pathetic so is the diabetic waffel
and this prostetic arm keep crushin my hard taco
here comes the rain and thunder now
nowhere to run, to run to now
i’ve disappeared, don’t wonder how
looking for me
i'm underground
here comes the rain and thunder now
nowhere to run, to run to now
i’ve disappeared, don’t wonder how
looking for me
i'm underground"
"girl i think
you just might'a tried to pull a
muh'f***ing fast one, i'm mad
you just hurt my goddamn feeling
and that was the last one i had
does this look like an arcade?
tryna play games? see this saw blade?
see the silhouette of a stalker in your walk way?
better co operate
or get saute'd and rotisseried while you're hog tied
mc's get so quiet you can hear a
muh'f***in dog whistle while i walk by
'colt seavers' on a mule
stuntin on that ass like the f***ing fall guy
i don't gas my mercedes afther midnight
man i treat it like a mogwai
cuz it will turn into a gremlin and
run over kids, women and men
vrinn vrinn! motor's so big you can
fit a midget in his engine
b****, give me them digits while you're cringin'
not by the hair on my chinny chin chin
while i spin spin even ten cents
on you, since when
do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny?
shiit, if i think a penny's pretty
just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me
eenie meenie miney mo
catch an eskimo by his toe
while he's trying to roll a snowball but
don't make him lose his cool
if he hollers better let him go y'all
now here we go, go go!
get up! baby get a move on, like a u haul
you can rack your brain like pool balls
you will never think of this shit
yeah, honey you called?
well here i come, havoc on the beat, i reek it
evil i see, hear and speak it
lady put your money on shady
f*** that other weak shit
put your eggs in the same basket
you can count every muh'f***ing
chicken fore' it hatches
cuz, you can bet your ass
that we gone get it crackin'
like a kraken an titans when they're clashin'
get your brains bashed in so bad
you gone have kurt kobain askin
to autograph a bloodstained napkin
i'm fashionable and 'bout as rational
as a rash on a f**'s asshole
now let's take that line, run it
up the flag pole with elton
see if he's cool with it
don't stand there and look stupid at me b****
i ain't in the mood for this shit
get my d***, google it til it pops up
y'all are so motherf***ing full of shit that you stopped up
me i'm always shitting diarrhea of the mouth
till your speakers crap out  ""ohp, what? ""
girl you got a hot butt
like a lit cigarette ""chik chigarrete""
but you won't get a hot fudge sundae from me
so do not strut my way, slut! because
now here we go, go, go
and now that i got your panties in a bunch
and your bowels in an uproar
im'ma show you why i came
stop asking me what the f*** for
now look you little slut, c***
whore know you want more
b****es tell i put the mat back into mathers
cuz i'm a f***ing  , run boy!
every flow got it mastered
so every last word that you f***ing f**s heard
comes straight from the fishes ass, yeah
in other words i'm a bass  !
looking at me like i killed kenny
gassing the tank near steal plenty
no morals are instilled in me
so remorse i really don't feel any
eat your heart out, hannibal
understandable why you're jealous, f***ing animal
i got cannibal magnetism
can't resist him now, can ya hoe?
""shady, i don't understand your flow""
understand my flow?
b**** i flow like troy polamalu's hair, boy
don't you dare try to
follow or compare, boy
i'm raw, you ain't even medium rare
stay the f*** outta my hair, boy!
you can look, you can stare and point
but you can't touch
i'm too clairvoyant
i don't get it man, is there a void
all this weak shit, what am i steroids?
well b**** i'm back with some shit for that ass
and your trunk elephant and remember boys
now here we go, go, go!
thank you for coming out!
hope you enjoyed the show!
til next time... haha
peace!"
"hands up
officer don't shoot
then pull your pants up, promise you won't loot
we may never understand each other, it's no use
we ain't ever gonna grasp what each other goes through
black boy, black boy, we ain't gonna lie to you
black boy, black boy, we don't like the sight of you
pull up on the side of you
window rolled down, 'profile'
then we wonder why we see this side of you
probably comin' from the dope house
we could let you slide but your tail light is blew, out
we know you're hidin' that heidi klum
on you another drug charge, homie
it's back inside for you
and just in case a chase might ensue
we got that tried and true
pistol drew right at you
we'd be delighted to unload it in your back
then walk up and lay that taser on the side of you
f***ed up, but what the f*** am i to do?
i keep tellin' myself, keep doin' like you're doin'
no matter how many lives you ruin
it's for the red, white and blue
time to go find a new one and split his head right in two
no one's ever indicted you
why? 'cause you're a
white boy, white boy
you're a rockstar
(my momma talkin' to me
tryna tell me how to live)
white boy, white boy, in your cop car
(but i don't listen to her
'cause my head is like a sieve)
white boy, white boy, you're untouchable
nobody can tell me shit
'cause i'm a
black boy, black boy, we don't get your culture and
we don't care what our government's done
to f*** you over, man
don't tell us your attitude's a result of that
balderdash, where'd you get the chip on your shoulder at?
why you kicking that soda can?
pull your pants up
we 'bout to roll up and
throw your ass in the van cuffed
you don't have to know our plans
or what our intentions are
our cards are close to our chest
you better show your hands
and put our minds more at ease
or get shot in the thyroid
comply or die, boy
we're fightin' a crime war
here come the swine
tryna clean up the streets from all these minorities
that's what we call 'em pigsties for
they're like eyesores to police
talk to you like just a piece of trash
feels like we're stuck in a time warp to me
as i kick these facts and
get these mixed reactions
as this beat backspins
it's like we're drifting back in to the sixties
having black skin is risky
'cause this keeps happening throughout history
african americans have been treated like shit
and i admit, there have been times
where it's been embarrassin' to be a
white boy, white boy
you're a rockstar
(my momma talkin' to me
tryna tell me how to live)
white boy, white boy, in your cop car
(but i don't listen to her
'cause my head is like a sieve)
white boy, white boy, you're untouchable
nobody can tell me shit
'cause i'm a
seems like the average lifespan of a white man
is more than twice than a black life span
i wonder sometimes if it has a price scanner
i feel like checking out on life
can't escape this circumstance
i'd rather hear 'em say ""die n word""
than die antwoord
ninja, now it's better disguised banter
but that's life
strapped 'cause we're strapped financially
and can't find answers
we're applying
but mcdonald's
seems to be the only franchise that'll hire
so how can we have higher standards?
as dallas overshadows the battle for black lives matter
we fight back with violence
but acts like that are
black eyes on the movement
which makes black lives madder
at cops and cops madder
that's why it's at a stalemate
can't arrive at a compromise so it's black ops
i wonder if we hire more black cops, the crap stops
the block is our backyards, officers
not the crack spot
call the attack dogs off of us, man
you always act all pissed off at us at a traffic stop
and bad cops f*** it up for the good cops, and man, stop
sendin' white cops
in the black neighborhoods
who ain't acclimated to 'em
like that's the way to do it
who seen some f***in' videos of rappers waving guns
and know nobody black so they act afraid of us
and that's racism
the fear that a black face gives 'em
a subconscious racist
wait, why are there black neighborhoods?
'cause america segregated us
designated us to an area
separated us
section eight'd us
when we tear it up's the only time attention's paid to us
and education sucks
and every day's anotherfreddie gray for us
a levy breaks or fuzz
why is it they treat us like dryer lint?
we just want a safe environment for our kids
but can't escape the sirens
don't take a scientist to see
our violent nature lies in
the poverty that we face
so the crime rate's the highest
in the lowest classes
it's like a razor wire fence
and we're trapped in these racial biases
that plague our society
which makes our anxiety levels raise
every time we see a devil's face
lions, tigers, and bears, oh my
it's more like billy clubs and gats
and we really love it when you think we're guilty
'cause we're black
""but you kill each other, facts
you peel each other's caps, for silly stuff like hats""
single mother strugglin' through substance abuse
while people with nothin' to lose
shoot each other for shoes
f*** your republican views
pull ourselves up by our bootstraps
where the f*** are the boots?
and streets act as a narrator
don't gotta read comics
or be that into characters
just to see that, just to be black
you better be strapped with a derringer
or be ""capped in america""
like steve rogers
'cause no one oversees these cops and
all we see is 'em beat charges
we done seen 'em beat rodney king unconscious
and got off
so we don't need all
you crooked police officers' peace offerings
just keep marchin', 'til we reach congress
but they're gonna say you're tryin' to take an irrational stance
if you try to slander the flag but
somebody has to be the sacrificial lamb
so they call it a kaepernick tantrum
if you don't stand for the national anthem
we raise it, you better praise it
or you'll be made to feel like a traitor
we'll treat you like rodney dangerfield
home of the brave is still racist 'ville
so this whole nation feels like a plantation field
in a country that claims
that its foundation was based on united states ideals
that had its natives killed
got you singin' this star spangled spiel
to a piece of cloth that represents the ""land of the free""
that made people slaves to build"
"tell yo 'bout venger
straight out of michigan
slim shady
venger is a big fat b****
he's the biggest b**** i know
and he stinks like shit
remember back then,
the days when he was skinny?
yo.
now he's fat
and he still thinks he's pretty.
he's such a slag
people who smoke grass
are saying ""shit.
goddamn, that's a big fat ass""
f*** that slut
he's a big fat trick
and i still won't suck
his ten foot d***
slim shady
i'm a crazy thing
down with dr dre
with a darkhaven swing
yo
i don't know much
but i know this shit
venger is a big fat b****
venger is a big fat b****
venger is a big fat b****
venger is a big fat b****
he's a red eyed, stink ass, horn headed b****
uh huh
dr dre
check it
my homie shadow demon
lives up the block
he's got a big fat master
who sucks my cock
non stop, he's a sight to see
a real evil b****
who does right by me
he might be the best slut
in the mountains
ten times a week
but shit,
who's countin'?
i'm astounded 'bout the things he does
he used to suck in each,
f*** in each town there ever was
he ain't a slut
he's a super groupie
and i'd pass that b****
around like a doobie
i don't know much
but i know this
venger's a big fat b****
oh shit
tell 'em, em
i'm slim shady
that name's really cool
i might be a f***
but i ain't no fool
uh uh
i just moved from darkhaven to boulder
'cause venger's trippin' on kelek's own shoulder
he's just colder 'cause i'm like that
little freak ass pain
but you know that
yo
i've been followin' tracks
like a puppy
old horn head
doesn't take shit from yuppies
word up
i am slim shady
to a mother f***ing t is the place to be
yo
i don't know much
but i know this
venger is a big fat b****
well
the dude's right
dr dre
eminem
best b**** around
f*** venger
this goes out to all the fat b****es in the realm
yo,yo
what's up?"
"i got a song filled with shit for the strong willed
when the world gives you a raw deal
sets you off 'til you scream, ""piss off, screw you""
when it talks to you like you don't belong
or tells you you're in the wrong field
when something's in your mitochondrial
'cause it latched on to you, like
knock knock, let the devil in
manevolent as i've ever been, head is spinnin'
this medicine's screamin', ""l l l let us in""
l l l like a salad bowl, edgar allan poe
bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago
liquid tylenol, gelatins, think my skeleton's meltin'
wicked, i get all high when i think i've smelled the scent
of elephant manure hell, i meant kahlúa
screw it, to hell with it, i went through hell with accelerants
and blew up my my myself again
volkswagen, tailspin, bucket matches my pale skin
mayo and went from hellmann's and being rail thin
filet o fish, scribble jam, rap olympics '97 freaknik
how can i be down? me and bizarre in florida
proof's room slept on the floor of 'da motel then
dr. dre said, ""hell yeah""
and i got his stamp like a postcard, word to mel man
and i know they're gonna hate
but i don't care, i barely can wait
to hit 'em with the snare and the bass
square in the face, this f***in' world better prepare to get laced
because they're gonna taste my
venom,  adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
venom,  adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
i said knock knock, let the devil in
shotgun p p pellets in the felt pen
cocked, f*** around and catch a hot one
it it's evident i'm not done
v venomous, the thoughts spun
like a web and you just caught in 'em
held against your will like a hubcap or mud flap
beat strangler attack
so this ain't gonna feel like a love tap
eat painkiller pills, f*** up the track
like, what's her name's at the wheel? danica patrick
threw the car into reverse at the indy, a nut crashin'
into ya, the back of it just mangled steel
my mustang and the jeep wrangler grill
with the front smashed, much as my rear fender, assassin
slim be a combination of an actual kamikaze and gandhi translation, i will probably kill us both
when i end up backin' into ya
you ain't gonna be able to tell what the f***'s happenin' to ya
when you're bit with the
venom, adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
venom,  adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
i said knock knock, let the devil in
alien, e e elliott phone home
ain't no telling when this chokehold
on this game will end, i'm loco
became a symbiote, so
my fangs are in your throat, ho
you're snake bitten with my venom
with the ballpoint pen i'm
gun cocked, bump stock, double aught, buckshot
tire thumper, a garrote, tie a couple knots
fired up and caught fire, juggernaut
punk rock, b****, it's goin' down like yung joc
'cause the doc put me on like sunblock
why the f*** not, you only get one shot
ate shit 'til i can't taste it
chased it with straight liquor
then paint thinner, then drank 'til i faint
and awake with a headache
and i take anything in rectangular shape
then i wait to face the demons i'm bonded to
'cause they're chasin' me but i'm part of you
so escapin' me is impossible
i latch onto you like a parasite
and i probably ruined your parents' life
and your childhood too
'cause if i'm the music that y'all grew up on
i'm responsible for you r*****ed fools
i'm the super villain dad and mom was losin' their marbles to
you marvel that? eddie brock is you
and i'm the suit, so call me
venom,  adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em
venom,  adrenaline momentum
and i'm not knowin' when i'm
ever gonna slow up and i'm
ready to snap any moment i'm
thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
they ain't gonna know what hit 'em"
"hey slim,
u want a pill 2 pop
eh slim u listening 2 me
goddammit
hi how big is ure fanny can i fit a whole grammy inside
and hide 2 fists for days
girl i know these questions are g** but i jus gotta know
before i let this big d*** flow
turning up to a show and i dont know who the f***s playing
or wot it is theyre sayin
all i know is this uzis for spraying on s club juniors
and i would rather have tumours all over my brain
or get hit by cars, trucks, and trains
than listen to this shit!
and if u dont like this track then u can skip
the feds are cuming but i cant be assed running
im so weeded that i cant stop mumbling
i feel like im constantly tumbling
jus because ure royal doesent mean that can rumble
remember always be loyal to people that treat u the same
cause theyll have ure back when ve jus got beat up and ure in pain
f*** that shit im dissin eveybody!
f*** this beat
f*** ure song
f*** this life
its goin on to long"
"proof :
yeah soul it tick, checking it number 1 baby this
week,
you know what i'm sayin'?
this is m.c. proof
hare:
and d.j. hare.
proof :
checkin' in on w.e.g.o.
you know what i'm sayin'?
ay yo we got the number 1 requested song, of the day
coming up next.
it's a local thing wants retilin'
it goes by the name of eminem
and its called it's ok
check it out"
"yeah... oh.... get up, i said get up... let's go
better watch out now cause here we come
and we ain't stoppin' until we see the morning sun
so give us room to do our thing, cause we ain't come to hurt no one
so everybody come and get upon the floor now and grab someone
man first of all, i'm a boss, i just wanna get that across
man even my dentist hates when i floss
pull up to the club in a pinto like it's a porche
garbage bag for one of the windows, spray painted doors
with the flames on 'em, michigan plates and my names on 'em
baby shady's here, come and get him if you dames want him
but he ain't stupid so quit tryna run them games on him
he's immune to cupid, why you tryna put your claims on him
cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man
now climb it back, try not to kick over the gas can
there's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
we have of just getting home, now can i get that lap dance?
she's got a tattoo of me right above her ass man
in the streets of warren, michigan we call 'em tramp stamps
that means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps
down and show this hussie who's man, now get amped, dance!
now you can do this on your own, but everyone knows
that no one likes to be alone, so get on the floor and grab somebody
ain't nothing but a white trash party!
so let's have us a little bash, and if anyone asks
it ain't no one, but us trash
you don't know, you better ask somebody
cause we're having a white trash party!
pull up at the bacardi from outta my underwear
and walk around the party without a care, like a body without a head
looking like a zombie from outta the living dead
and tomorrow probably still be too high to get out of bed
til i feel like i been hit with the sharp part of the hammer
mixing hennessey and fanta with pepto and mylanta
i shoot the gift like i'm hollerin' ""die santa""
missed the tree and hit rudolf and two innocent bystanders
so quite tryna play the wall like you paul
and get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
they call the stefan marlbury of rap, darling
cause soon as they throw on some r. kelly i start ballin'!
making it rain for the ladies in the mini's
but i'm not throwing ones, five's, ten's or even twenty's
i'm throwing quarters, nickels, dimes, pennys
up at skinny's, man i do this for them bunnys up at denny's
from the north east and west
but when it comes to them trailers in them south parks, muffle it
cause homie, that hood's tighter than kenny's
so ladies if your belly button's not an innie, them i'm outtie
now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy cmon!
now you can do this on your own, but everyone knows
that no one likes to be alone, so get on the floor and grab somebody
ain't nothing but a white trash party!
so let's have us a little bash, and if anyone asks
it ain't no one, but us trash
you don't know, you better ask somebody
cause we're having a white trash party!
now whether you're black, white or purple if you're misunderstood
but you don't give a f***, you ain't doing shit that you should
long as you know you're up to evil and you're no damn good
get on the floor mayne, and rep your hood
now honey, don't let them pricks trick
we should make a quick dip
and go do some doughnuts in the hospital parking lot
cause girl i got a sick whip, kick the back window outta my gremlin
put two milk crates in the trunk, rip out the stick shift
and make a five seater, i'll be damned if i feed a
chick, it ain't like me to split a peice of dry pita
i'll beat an s until the i m to the s h ady
why i don't need a tank top to be a wife beater
i'll rip a tree out the ground and flip it upside down
'for i turn over a new leaf clown, i'll tell you now
i'm so raw i still need to unthaw, you feel me ya'll
i shut the club down, like drake in the mall!
but baby a body like that's against the law
you the baddest little chain with the blades i ever saw
coleslaw containers, empty straw rappers and all
you got more junk in your trunk than i do in my car, now get up!
now you can do this on your own, but everyone knows
that no one likes to be alone, so get on the floor and grab somebody
ain't nothing but a white trash party!
so let's have us a little bash, and if anyone asks
it ain't no one, but us trash
you don't know, you better ask somebody
cause we're having a white trash party!"
"yo, speed racer, 97' burgundy blazer
wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer
i'm on some low ish,
i'm fed up wit the being broke ish
i'm not to joke wit
b****, i don't sell crack, i smoke it
my brains dusted; i'm disgusted at all my habits
too many asprin tablets and empty medicine cabinets
loosing battles to wack rappers 'cause i'm always too blunted
walkin' up in the cypher smokin', talkin' like, ""who want it?""
thug and crook; every drug in the book i've done it
my 9's at your frame,is that your chain? run it
who wants to die of an overdose of excessive flavor?
aggressive nature got me stickin' you for your progressive pager
spectacular, battle rap manufacturer
stole your mom's acura, wrecked it, then sold it back to her
 )
the doctors you'll need after our battle are known as psychiatrics
i'll tell the nurses to hold a bed for you,
and i'ma make sure you come back for it
so barricade your infants, put up some extra fences
a woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses ..take em' on long vacation trips
kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships
mess up your face and lips
slit your stomach and watch your gut split
gut you wit that razor that i use to shave my nuts wit )
mama don't you cry, your son's too far gone
i'm so high, i don't even know what label i'm on
i'm messed up, feelin' like an over worked plumber"
"look, i can walk you
through the depths of hell where vexed rejects elect to sell
keep tecs to protect your tail
no respected male to blaze a separate trail
'cause, uh, they was inept as well
inherited they debt, we set to fail, please reset the scale
n****s clappin' on saturday, but we ain't see snl
no comedy skits, just llamas and sticks and drama and shit
baby mamas and jits, piranhas and pits, and product to pitch
honestly, it's only right i give the zombies a fix
this bass to your facе from a speaker make you a twеaker
i laced it with ether
it'll take you a week to
bounce back off one hit of this
n****s is clitoris, way too frivolous
this is far more dire
the bars is hardcore like parkour with barbed wire
grip is the dark horse that spark wars and start fires
hole in one on a par of four or higher, and your supplier
tour guide for hire, poor guy, he's tired
cut him some slack, he's strapped, rap to his back
back to the wall and they all against me
love on my mind, but it's cash to earn
i was hopin' maybe we could ball eventually
if only one time 'fore we crash and burn
fully furnished crib, but inside, you're empty
'cause you chose rap as your favorite girl
could've fooled me, can't save the world
could've fooled me, can't save the world
back to the wall and they all against me
love on my mind, but it's cash to earn
i was hopin' maybe we could ball eventually
if only one time 'fore we crash and burn
fully furnished crib, but inside, you're empty
'cause you chose rap as your favorite girl
could've fooled me, can't save the world
could've fooled me, can't save the world
yeah
sometimes i wonder, really
what did my closed head injury do?
i'm literally missin' a screw
but it seems like my memory's
too vivid to forget the shit i've been through so as my residuals grew
i remembered those kids who were cruel
same individuals at elizabeth little
and essentially used them as the fuel
who would've knew what a pencil could do though
so mentally screwed
they said, ""marshall
you're either gonna wind up dead or in the penitentiary
'cause eventually you'll end up clenchin' a tool
and come back vengefully
to shoot them bullies who clowned you in elementary school""
yeah, my head, something's wrong with it but that makes me me, i'm different that lyrical phenom misfit
since i was a bleach blond, you hear the beat on this
which makes me only think of demonic shit i was knockin' at death's door i f***in' ding dong ditched it yeah, and i don't do that sing song b**** shit and i don't use auto tune, all i do is spit
and this shit just bothers you
call it quits, b****, impossible
my pen just popped your thought balloon
you dipshits know how i'ma do it
send the motherf***ing beat to the trauma unit
yeah, shady records, look
at all these squad killers we brought with us
juggernauts and godzillas, you don't rock with us
you're off of your rockers
b****, back's to the wall as it always is
why i'm not talkin' about wallets and knots
when i say that the wall it is not against
it's more like the cross look at how far this is past you
regardless, you want me to reach a f***in' bar
that does not exist
no pun intended, but grip, hold on to this moment
'cause soon as you reach the top
they're gonna want you to fall from it so you better grab your seatbelt like i did mine
and fasten yours
like a motherf***ing plane crash passenger
'cause one day, you'll be crashing back to earth
and if you don't ever stop to smell the roses
i do know one thing, that's for sure
you don't get your flowers 'til you're pushin' up daisies and that's about all your ashes earn
back to the wall and they all against me
love on my mind, but it's cash to earn
i was hopin' maybe we could ball eventually
if only one time 'fore we crash and burn
fully furnished crib, but inside, you're empty
'cause you chose rap as your favorite girl
could've fooled me, can't save the world
could've fooled me, can't save the world
back to the wall and they all against me
love on my mind, but it's cash to earn
i was hopin' maybe we could ball eventually
if only one time 'fore we crash and burn
fully furnished crib, but inside, you're empty
'cause you chose rap as your favorite girl
could've fooled me, can't save the world
could've fooled me, can't save the world"
"wooahhhhhhhh!
it's shady, a.k.a. the army shady records
break it down
i do a lot of spittin'
and i don't gotta try
but i ain't got rhymes to waste
so let's make 'em
i ain't say i'm a gangsta
i ain't got to start frontin'
i just get banks up
when i need to pop somethin'
i got a friend of mine
named 50 cent i signed
this shit's official now
the deal is finished and it's time
to get down to this business
let's gon' get these nicks and dimes
so hurry up and cop g unit shit before it's gone
it's like a gold mine
for my man to take nine
and bounce right back, gotta be like michael myers
this shit must me a sign
these labels must be blind
columbia i know this must be f***in' with they mind
they know they 'bout to cry
'cause they missed out but i
know how to get the dope 'cause dre gave me a business mind
i say 'em a line
i hit 'em with a 9
i had a empty clip but they ain't check the chamber 
chorus
i ain't no gangsta
i ain't got to start frontin'
i just call banks up
when i need to pop somethin'
but you gon' feel my shit
you gon' hit the stop button
we gon' f*** you up a long time
you gon' get stomped stuntin'
chorus
damn 50
this shit's about to hit the fan 50
the f*** happened to ja
he got the sickest vendetta
he must think that you wetta
he bought to play with his paper
you gonna f*** with this chedda
now homie think we gonna sweat 'em
but we just gonna forget 'em
if he don't shut up we'll get 'em
let yayo stomp his head and it's all good
'cause we'd rather rap in the letter
p**** play us outta pocket homie
so tell 'em he better be easy
start some bullshit he'll get his whole crew wet
d twizzy, obie, 50 cent, and g unit
yo he don't want it 'cause
he's always drugged out
you won't see no picture where his pupils ain't bugged out
chorus"
"i don't think you understand
that what you're doing is not so cool
you think it's funny to mess with my mind
don't you
you know i like you so you just tease me
you give me just enough to hang on enough
when you're just wasting my time
you're simply wasting my time
so quit wasting my time
do you hear me when i say
so let me ask you something
do you think i'm pretty or don't you
do you wanna get with me or not and nowwww
or are you just wasting my time
you're simply wasting my time
so quit wasting my time
and what would you've got to say
well things have got to change
say this just isn't right
i don't wanna have to fight
and i think i'd better go
cause this ain't working out any more
and i'm sorry, sorry, sorry
understand
that what you did
was just not so cool
baby, you're just not that cool"
"artist: dj spinna f/ eminem, thirstin howl iii
verse one :
i hit harder
than forman
landing both both gloves to a low blow
with no cup
leave you speech less like when arrested development broke up
carry a crow bar for egos that won't budge
crack skulls
through helmets
with the penetration of a screw nailed in
return like i was sending self addressed postage
throw bricks the size of the stonehenge
before battles, we pour blood
and toast, death to wicked infants
found on the sorceress' doorsteps
slaughter lamb
and boar's head
every mc's cause of boredness
and mind bondage
bronchitis, lung failure
language unfam i liar
art through a flooded air brush
??? leave craft
sentences joined with words holding hands
it's a tight squeeze
from where your head will be landing
in exact time flight leaves
<watch this>
<watch this>
<watch this>
<don't watch that, watch this>
verse two :
who's arm is this?
i must have cut it off at the pharmacist
and refused to resume my severed prescription of ???
i'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets
and never leaves his house 'cause he thinks his car's possessed
i hate my life
that's why i degrade my wife
grabbed a paper plate to make a sandwich
and just ate the knife
my mother's screaming 'please heal him, take him straight to christ'
meet you on the street and slap you just to break the ice
made a bomb threat with a fake device
strip you naked twice, pistol whip you and force you to take advice
and if you catch me bobbin' my head to some bullshit spittin'
i was probably just tryin to shake the lice
bugs fallin' out of my head
i'm wishin' i was dead
while i'm crawlin out of my bed
found it red
and my rash is returning
i feel the sensation of burning
occurring, usually during pain for release in my urine
screamin' at my shadow 'please quit followin' me'
these pills keep screamin' 'please quit swollin' me'
the devil keeps screamin' 'please get down on one knee'
took the drugs before the cops ever found them on me
<watch this>
<watch this>
<watch this>
<don't watch that, watch this>"
"that was the worst your a f***ing moron here is how the song goes
eminem:
s s shady records, you better believe the hype is real...
'yeah! yeah! shots to soul assasins! dj mugz... alchemist...
chorus:
n****s know what i'm about out here
i don't toot my own horn cuz i don't have to
you can run your own mouth, i don't care
if you get too close i'm gon' clap you
it's too real out here, to be scared
a real n**** gon' do whatever he has to
a man is the last thing you should fear
it aint considered a crim unless they catch you
we all die 1 day...
obie trice:
n****s, when i step up in the bar, f*****s's wanna look
like you muthaf***as got obie trice shook
like i'ma stand here as a man
and let some queer ass funny lookin n**** get the upper hand
i got issues... got no time
got guns than more n****s moms
shoot up clubs and destroy n****s rides
everybody runnin' for they muthaf***in lives
tough club n****s? we leave early
cock back shirley, open up ya fade
your gray brain needs motor city paid
your nervous system still twitch on days; these
ho's and animals ?'s get merked
don't ever let a n**** tell you slugs don't hurt
don't ever let a n**** tell you 'play the ball hard'
trust in god cuz you's about to have a bullet scar
i give a f*** where you from, who you be with
keep this a secret, right by the nuts
a .45 that'll lite n****s up
and this .45 high make me not give a f***
chorus:
lloyd banks:
but as long as i'm here i'm gon' grab checks
and make my cash stretch longer than giraffe necks
poverty'll make ya ass bet
my words touch n****s in jail, make them wanna finish they last bet
they say you live by the gun, you die by the next n**** gun
if thats the case, then get a bigger one
you dont think i pack the 'bump' cuz i'm out the hood
that's a stereotype, like everybody that's black can jump
i'm in a white mink, the fabric is done
got rings like mike, bird, magic and them
i'm out in dallas in a palace where the mavericks is from
living lavish i'm established 'til the cabbage'll come
i'm in the clouds, you don't see me on a train
i travel first class, you aint ever got a tv on your plane
ssh, be easy on my name
cuz i aint goin bank n forth
your boss and ya captains's soft
chorus:
eminem:
we gon' bring it to anybody who want it
you want it? you gon' get it
man when we gon' hit 'em
chew 'em up and spit 'em out
<spit> too much venom
and if you roll wit em
we gon' f*** you up wit 'em
i got too much momentum
movin in my direction to lose
my shoes'll explode as soon as you go to step in 'em *boom!*
you know how we do it when we do how we do it
and we come through, g unit d one two  and obie we all move
like assasins, ski masks and gloves
consider this as a warning, disaster comes
faster than you can react to it, just ask marx
we are fizzast, f*** your little b**** as up
we are not killas, my vato will have you shot though
drag the little body on f*** like kim osario's
little sorry o ass, go ask b real
we burn source coovers like f***in cyrpress hill
then in the ninties when you was in diapers still
shady records, you better believe the hype is real
this is no joke, i don't smoke, but i toke
enough second hand to make my f***in p.o. choke
i'm an o.g. you're f***in wit a g.i. joe
bia bia, mia mia you livin la vida a loc?
i'm a psyhco, mariah aint got shit on me
when i retire i'll be spittin baby food on peep 
le it at san ceedrow ranch huddled up next to a em with hello kitty on slippers on humpin her
legs
you ever had your cap peeled back? or your shit pushed in?
i'll put my blade in you like a f***in pin cushin
slice your ear clear off, schmirnoff and hen dawg i'll show you how to f***in kill a man like sin dog
nobody told you that i'm loco esse?
i lack every sane chemical in my membrane
i'm slim sha.. dy and it is for dees nuts
and you can get each one for free so feast up
i pee in a cup for 3 months, i'm having a e party
for easter, please come
50 cent:
we gon' bring it to anybody who want it
you want it? you gon' get it
your name up over him, chew him up
and spit him out <spit noise>
too much venom
and if you roll wit' him we gon' f*** you up wit' him
you can do all them push ups to pump up ya chest
i got a 12 gauge marksberg to pump up ya chest
have you gaspin for air after that shell hit ya vest
fear me like you fear god cuz i bring death
silver back gorilla in the concrete jungle
i'm the strongest around, you know how i get down
i watch gangsta flicks and root for the bad guy
turn it off before it ends because the bad guy dies
if you tryin' to buy guns from the n**** that look to
so what they got bodies on 'em they still look new
you can raise your voice like you finna touch somethin'
when i raise my knife, shit i'm finna cut somethin
they say i walk like ron o'neil and talk like obie if the b**** think i love her, well then the b**** don't know me"
"chorus: lloyd banks]
n****s know what i'm about out here
i don't toot my own horn cause i don't have to
you can run your mouth i don't care
but if you get too close i'm gonna clap you
it's too real out here to be scared
a real n**** is gonna do whatever he has to
a man is the last thing you should fear
it ain't considered a crime unless they catch you
we all die one day
n****s when i step up in the bar, f*****s wanna loot
like you motherf***ers got obie trice shook
like i'm gonna stand here as a man and
let some queer ass funny looking n**** get the upper hand
i got issues, got no time, got guns that mourn n****'s moms
shoot up clubs and destroy n****'s vibes
everybody running for their motherf***ing lives
tough club n****s, we leave early, cock back surely
open up your fade, your grey brain meets motor city pave
your nervous system still twitch off jay z
o's an animals skirts get mirked
don't ever let a n**** tell you slugs don't hurt
don't ever let a n**** tell you play the bar hard
trust in guard it cause you're about to catch a bullet scar
i give a f*** where you from who you be with
keep this a secret right by the nuts
a 4 5 that'll light n****s up and this 4 5 high make me not give a f***
but as long as i'm here i'm gonna grab checks
and make my cash stretch longer than giraff necks
poverty will make your ass bet on words
touch n****s in jail make them wanna finish their last sents'
they say you live by the gun and die by the next n**** gun
if that's the case then get a bigga one
you don't think i pack the pump cause i'm out of the hood
that's a stereotype like everyone that's black can jump
i where a white mink, the fabric is done
got rings that bling like mike, byrd, magic and them
out in dallas in a palace where the mavericks is from
living lavash, i'm established, so the cabbage'll come
i'm the clouds you won't see me in the trains
i travel first class you don't even got a tv on your plane
you should be easy on my name, cause i don't going back and forth
your boss and your captain's soft
we gonna bring it to anybody who want it
you want it? you gonna get it
man we gon hit em, chew em up and spit em out
too much venom and if you role with 'em
we gonna f*** you up with 'em
i got too much momentum movin in my direction to lose
my shoes will explode as soon as you go to step in 'em you know how we do it when we do how we do it when we come through
g unit, d 1 2 and obie we all move like assasins
ski masks and gloves consider this as a warning
disaster comes faster than you can react to it, just ask muggs
but we are fizast, f*** your litte b**** ass up
we are not killers, my vato will have you shot though
drag through the varrio and f***ed like kim osario
litte sorry hoe ass, go ask b real
we burn source covers like f***in cypress hill
did in the 90s, when you was in diapers still
shady records you better believe the hype is real
this is no joke, i don't smoke
but i toke enuff second hand to make my f***in p.o. choke
i'm an og, you're f***in with a gi joe
bia bia, mia meo a vida loco
i'm a psycho, mariah aint got shit on me
when i retire i'll be spittin baby food on people
a tent sieged on her ranch, huddled up next to her
with hello kitty slippers on, humping her legs
you ever had your cat pealed back or your shit pushed in
i put my blade in your like a f***ing pin cushion
slice your ear clear off, smirnoff and henn dogg
i'll show you how to kill a f***ing man like sen dog
nobody told you that i'm loco essay?
i lack every sane chemical in my membrane
i'm slim sha...dy and the ""d"" is for deez nuts
and you can get each one for free so feast up
i pee in a cup for three months, i'm having an e party for easter please come
we gonna bring it to anybody who want it
you want it? you gonna get it
man we gon hit em, chew em up and spit em out
too much venom and if you role with 'em
we gonna f*** you up with 'em
you can do all them push ups to pump up your chest
i got a 12 gauge mossbert to pump up your chest
have you gasping for breath after that shell hit your vest
fear me like you fear god cause i bring death
silverback gorrilla in the concrete jungle
i'm the strongest one around you know how i get down
i watch gansta flicks and root for the badguy
and turn it off before it ends cause the badguy die
if you trying to buy guns i'm the n**** to look to
so what they got bodies on 'em, they still look new
you can raise your voice like you fending to touch something
when i raise my knife shit i'm fending to cut something
see i walk like ron o'neil and talk like goldie
if the b**** think i love her the b**** don't know me
souls assasins y'all
what up muggs?
what up em?"
"we as americans
there's an intruder
in my house
he cut my phone lines
can't dial out
i scream for police
but i doubt
they're gonna hear me
when i shout
a couple of cocktails have sent me to jail
there's a couple of cops hot on my trail
but this time, when i get pulled over
there's a doberman picture and a pitbull in the seat
these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me
quit fooling with me
b****, you're gonna see
no pistol in the seat
why it always gotta be an issue when you're me
and which you're gonna see in the long run
im'a be the wrong one
wanna herass with this lymutinic class
flashin that flash light on my ass where was you at
last night when the mass hoes
ran up on my grass
rapper slash actor
kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass
they took away my right to bear arms
what i'm posed to fight with bear palms?
yeah right
they coming with bombs, i'm comin with flare guns
we as americans
we as a americans
us as a citizen
gotta protect ourselves
look at our shit has been
we better check ourselves
livin up in these streets
through worse and through better health
surviving by any means
we as americans
us as a citizen
we are cemeritans
what do we get us in
we better check ourselves
look at our shit has been
take a look where you live
this is america
and we are americans
im'a make vuku bucks
wearin vuku vests
drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex
i could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest
but you know who
whith a nest tatooed to my chest
but i've innested
now i got the industry pissy
eversince me and dre split it fifty fifty on fifty it's funny
we got a bus spreading quicker than making
paper airplanes out of a twenty
f*** money i don't grab the dead presidents
i'd rather see the president dead
it's never been said
but i said precedents understanders
and they can't stand it
my name should've been bastard
the shit should've been plastered
on my forehead with a stamp
i should've been blasted
i should've been had a cap pulled in my ass
but i'm too swift and fast
for that one bastard
i'm too old to and cruise grass shit
f*** that shit
i done seen a fastest rap shit
and turning into some pap pap shit
that quick
snap click
but this time they got f***ing auto ma tic
 and no one gon' test this mon
clack
we as a americans
us as a citizen
gotta protect ourselves
look at our shit has been
we better check ourselves
livin up in these streets
through worse and through better health
surviving by any means
we as americans
us as a citizen
we are cemeritans
what do we get us in
we better check ourselves
look at our shit has been
take a look where you live
this is america
and we are americans
i got a secret if you can keep it between us
i tuck two meaners under my jeans either side of my penis
under my long johns
under my sean johns
when running with the long arm or the long long gone
im'a do five years or less than that
no questions asked
it might be a good idea to stop right here
and quit while i'm ahead
already in the red
already got a steady infrared nipped on my head
i'm talking on my back
bigger problems than that
bin laden on my ass
he probly gone send a task
i ain't gone even ask
they ain't gone let me pack
they ain't gone gimme my semi but i got my whizz at
we as a americans
us as a citizen
gotta protect ourselves
look at our shit has been
we better check ourselves
livin up in these streets
through worse and through better health
surviving by any means
we are americans
us as a citizen
we as cemeritans
what do we get us in
we better check ourselves
look at our shit has been
take a look where you live
this is america
and we are americans"
"guess who
did you miss me?
jessica simpson sing the chorus
jessica simpson – when you walked through the door
it was clear to me you’re the one they adore, who they came to see you’re a … rock star everybody wants you player… who can really blame you we're the ones who  made you *cough, cough*
back by popular demand
now pop a little zantac or ant' acid if you can
you're ready to tackle any task that is at hand
how does it feel, is it fantastic, is it grand?
well look at all the massive masses in the stands
shady man… no don’t massacre the fans
damn, i think kim kardashians a man
she stomped him just cause he asked to put his hands
on her massive gluteus maximus again
squeeze it, then squish it, then pass it to her friend
can he come back as nasty as he can
yes he can, can, don’t ask me this again
he does not mean to lesbian offend
but lindsay please come back to seeing men
samantha’s a 2, you’re practically a 10
i know you want me girl,
in fact i see your grin
when you walked through the door
it was clear to me you’re the one they adore, who they came to see you’re a … rock star everybody wants you player… who can really blame you we're the ones who made you
the enforcer, looking for more women to torture
walk up to the cutest girl and charlie horse her
sorry portia, but what’s ellen degeneres
have that i don't, are you telling me tenderness?
well i can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
give me my ventolin inhaler and 2 xenadrine
and i'll invite sarah palin out to dinner then
nail her, 'baby say hello to my little friend'
brit f’rget k fed let’s cut off the middle man
forget him or your gonna end up in the hospital again
and this time it won’t be for the ritalin binge
forget them other men, girl pay them little atten tion
a little did i mention, that jennifer's in 
love with me john mayer so sit on the bench
man i swear them other guys you give ‘em an inch
they take a mile, they got style, but it isn't slim
when you walked through the door
it was clear to me you’re the one they adore, who they came to see you’re a … rock star everybody wants you player… who can really blame you we're the ones who made you
and that’s why… my love
you'll never live without,
i know you want me girl cause i can see you checking me out
and baby, you know, you know you want me too
don’t try to deny it baby, i’m the only one for you
damn girl i’m beginning to sprout an alfalfa
why should i wash my filthy mouth out
you think that’s bad you should hear the rest of my album
never has there been such finesse and nostalgia
man cash, i don’t mean to mess up your gal but
jessica alba put a breast in my mouth wowzers, i just made a mess of my trousers
and they wonder why i keep dressing like elvis
lord help us he's back in his pink alf shirt
looking like someone shrinked his outfit
i think he’s about to flip
jessica rest assure, superman’s here to rescue ya
can you blame me?
you’re my amy, i’m your blake
matter fact make me a birthday cake
with a saw blade in it to make my jail break
baby, i think you just met your soul mate
when you walked through the door
it was clear to me you’re the one they adore, who they came to see you’re a … rock star everybody wants you player… who can really blame you we're the ones who made you
so baby, baby
get down, down, down
baby, get down, down down
baby, get down, down down
baby, get down, get down
baby, get down, down down
baby, get down, down down
baby, get down, down down
baby, get down, get down
oh amy, rehab never looked so good,
i can't wait, i’m going back!! haha whooo!
dr dre, 2020, yeah"
"artist: da ruckus f/ eminemreal
chorus: samples 4x
""bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget"" ""when i bust on the mic, i bust a real hard rhyme""    > keith murray
""every time i pick up the microphone i drug it (what they know about
this?)
""when i bust on the mic, i bust a real hard rhyme""    > keith murray
i'm rockin shit, packin shit, while stackin shit
if anyone steps up askin shit, i'm blastin shit
you gone phase me, but swingin like peter parker
motherf*** the shop, i'll wreck the goddamn barber
forget your dreams about being with fans hugged up
you couldn't be a dope mc if you said his rhymes drugged up
i told you once, but you forget so here's a flashback
""you couldn't be shit, if you came out my asscrack""
stop frontin kid, you know you ain't paid
and the only mic/mike you wrecked was that kid you fought in first grade
ain't nothin lyrical about you but your lies
so cut the shit, cause its startin to draw flies
you're played like my five year old's newborn toys
don't know shit about chicago, but i could still make illa noyz
like robin leech i display stylish ways
thats rough like my face when i haven't shaved in days
listen up, all these words take heed
when i cock and squeeze, no more mc's breathe i'm sick of this, here's my final dis
f*** you dumb n****z you ain't shit like this
chorus: 2x
my smith and wessy got you layin in some alley messy
got your family lookin for your ass on sally jesse
we squash beef in the mo', when you ain't breathin no more
leavin your skull split like steven seagal
let the cat out, flat out, detroit's a mad house
so i don't get offended when i hear my city badmouthed
we quick to pull the gat out and set it
and leave you with more shit missin than a lil' kim radio edit
stick up kids be tryin to live paid
you get your grill sprayed with twenty seven bullets in your ribcage
get the guage, cock it back, empty your pockets, jack
or i'ma send you flyin like a rocketpack
murder you for a bag of chips and a chocolate snack
break into your crib still your shit and lock it back
ten year old kids be standin on the block with gats
just for livin nowadays'll get you flocked with bats
where i'm from...yaknow what'm sayin?, that's some old detroit shit
y'all wouldn't know about that shit, though. less you come
to my city, ya know what'm sayin? see where we live,
cause we shine
chorus: 2x
mc's put detroit up in they rap songs
cause without us there careers wouldn't last long
so like a generation we've been passed on
now its our time to shine, put your glasses on
got these a & r's and labels with binoculars
lookin in, jockin us and not jockin yours
too many groups follow trends, unoriginal
usin loops that transcend every b**** in you
don't ever try to say this is a ghost town
one million rappers in this b****, they need to slow down
evualute the situation, all the rest are killers
fly hoes out on jefferson with the drug dealers
two years in the joint, nobody's touchin hush
try to say you'll put us down, but your under us
now who the f*** are you? its just coincidental
when your rhyme your even worse than the instrumental
your just a phone tapper with no backbone
talkin shit, i got a clique that only pack chrome
have your ass gone, nowhere to run, when we hit
next time you'll think twice of who you f***in wit
chorus: 3 and 1/4"
"lets get down to business,
i dont got no time to play around, what is this?
what is this?
it's the invasion! the infiltration! we commin!
i got 50 cent, i got g unit.
d twizzy in this b**** with obie trice
so watch what you say 'fore you call our name.
cuz you say one more thing and it wont be nice
here we go,
i shoulda known
i was bound to get pulled
into some bullshit
sooner or later.
you little haters
are to jealous of us to love us,
you hate it
g unit made it
and obie's comin'
d twizzy's comin'
youre sick to your stomach.
50 percent of it's 50 cent,
the other 50 percent of it's
whos color of skin it is.
but if youre even considerin'
takin our label down
youd better find our building
and fly a f***in plane into it.
but i aint tryin' to get to intricate into it,
im just tryin' to give you a little hint
for your own benefit.
cuz then its gonna get to the point
where it escalates into some other shit
then im'a flip,
then im'a get to
stompin in my air force ones,
wont be able to tell if its
two pairs or its one.
cuz its gon' feel like
so many feet kickin'
you'll think nike just made these into cleats in the shoe.
i dont know what it is or what it could be
but i get a woody
when these pussies try to push me.
thinkin' they gon' put me in a position to pickle me.
y'all tickle me pink,
i think i'd just rather have pink tickle me .
hickory d***ory dock
tickety tock tickety.
a little bit of the diggety dock diggety,
mixed with a little bit of the jigga ch jigga
with a small pinch of biggie
look at me im just the bomb diggedy!
we the realest label,
dont try to act like you dont feel our label
cuz' we gon' f*** around and kill your label
obie, d twizzy, g unit, 50, shady records
we the label fo sho!
we the realest label
dont try to act like you dont feel our label
cuz we gon' f*** around and steal yo' people
obie, d twizzy, g unit, 50
we gon' kill yo' f***in label fo sho!
shady in the place to be seen
cuz i got what it takes to rock the might right!
still watch what you say to me punk
cuz im off probation in less that 6 months!
haha
woo!
shady records
still aftermath
and dont think we dont hear you motherf***ers talkin
cuz we do
we see y'all
but we just gon' sit back for a minute and watch what the f*** y'all do"
"teats and thurston howell, and yelling wordsworth
my mother smoked crack i had a premature birth
i'm just a nerve purse with badly disturbed nerves
you wanna be the one to step up and get served first
99 of aliens prefer earth
come here to rule the planet, storm on your turf
i hid a secret message inside of a word search
with smeared letters, runnin' together and blurs spurts
hang with male shovenest pigs and perverts
i point water pistols at women and squirt shirts
been a bad boy since diapers and gerbers
my first words were bleep bleep and curse curse
never had shit and i still don't deserve dirt
my breath still stinks, and i'm on my third cert
digging out my stitches, and hollering nurse nurse!
you said this shot would numb me this shit just hurts worse!"
"put it on my wee wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
got a d*** as big as a banana
i try to control it, but i can't
it's too tough, it's like an  banana
you better watch out, hannah montana
man, what's the matter, have you no manners?
no, you know the girl from juno's address?
yeah, i'ma probably go to jail for that
now i got the cops on my tail for that
run up on your car with a stale banana
in your tail pipe, can't believe you fell for that
coulda been a molotov for that
wait a minute, man, what the hell was that?
i heard a noise, where you goin'?
what are you, bananas?
you can't go back there, stupid ass
i just seen a woman in a freddy kruger mask
who the f*** are you, superman?
all you have is a little stupid can of whipped cream
what the hell you gonna do with that?
i'ma put it on my wee wee
ooh, good answer
super bonanza extravaganza
man, go ahead, what you waitin' for?
you better get them clothes off, baby boy
come on, let's go, we're gonna make a porn
ready, set, go. hit play, record
put it on my wee wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
are you ready? you better hold the camera steady
she's probably back there with a damn machete
she's probably gonna eat you like canned spaghetti
she's probably gonna kill ya, still wanna check, see?
have a little quick look? go on, she's probably six foot tall like big foot
the hell with that, we probably should run
don't dare look back
we probably, probably, probably
there probably was a problem at the post office or something
but you probably didn't know that, did ya?
now what ya gonna do when she gets ya?
i ain't goin' with ya, forget ya
quit tryna hold my hand, mista'
pretend she's your little sista', little sista'
might as well take the whipped cream with ya
and when you see her, make sure you get a picture
we could try to make another blair witch a movie
a beastiality porno with smoothies
put it on my wee wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
it's eerie, but here comes zack and marybeauty and the beast, his back is hairy
but she don't care, they're attractive, very
very sexually active, very
no, zack, don't go back in there
it's too late now, she's grabbin' hair
he screams, ""bloody mary!"", grabs a mirror
but stop just ain't in her vocabular
""get off me, please. get off me, stop.""
 at a coffee shop
they go non stop
she says, ""go""
he says, ""no""
she says, ""oh""
back and forth, they scream and shout
yeah, boy, let them demons out
it's the kind of nightmare you dream about
uh oh, now the whipped cream is out
i get sick thoughts, sick, sick, thoughts
things you could do with your lipstick glossput it on my d*** 'til the tip looks orange
b****, keep going! b****, keep going!
put it on my wee wee
banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
banana, banana, banana, banana, banana
and angelina jolie is just another ho
and brad is a sucka? because once i f*** her
she wants to go to somalia to adopt another baby
you know what i say? no
you better save some of them kids from madonna
she needs all the publicity she can get
you want a shady? well, you got it, man
i ain?t apologizin? for shit.
i?m a goat
and i don?t mean to gloat
but i know what i know and i know what you think
and these magazines?ll never put it in ink
because how would it look if they considered me as a goat?
and for those of y?all who don?t know what a goat is
it means the greatest of all time
and i consider myself one of those
so thank you very much, here it goes!"
"artist: proof & dj head
album: infinite
song: w.e.g.o. typed by: kingwillz@aol.com
here is soul intent checkin' in at number 1 baby this week,
you know what im sayin'?
this is mc proof
and dj heeaad!
checkin' in on w.e.g.o.
you know what i'm sayin'?
ayo we got the number one requested song,
of the day, coming up next
it's a local 313 talent
he goes by the name of eminem
and it's called â†–t's ok
check it out"
"welcome to motherf***in detroit
damn that wonder boy, shit.
yeah, yeah!
trickey!
let's show 'em some love.
welcome to detroit 
where's my gangstas and all my thugs,
throw them hands up and show some love
and i welcome u to detroit city
i said welcome to detroit city
every place everywhere we go
man we deep everywhere we roll
ask around and they all know tricky
ask whats good man they all say tricky
 click click boom, just as soon as we hit the room
you can hear 'em holla goon squad in this b****
let me hear you holla goon squad in this b****
let me hear you holla runyon ave. in this b****
so who am i gonna call on when i ain't got them boys with me
and the situation gets a little sticky
i'ma dial 911 like a muf***in' punk, f*** that,
 i'ma call that rude boy from detroit trick trick
quick come pick me up, bring them guns
come to the club, meet me out front
there's some chump up in this b****
poppin' some junk cause he's drunk
and we may have to f*** his ass up
cause uh somethin' smells a lil fishy
and i don't like the way his boys keep lookin' at me
so homie come get me, bring them boys what up though i see you
rock bottom, yea i see you, all my detroit people
where you at man, let me see them hands in the sky
detroit muf***as till we die
where's my gangstas and all my thugs,
throw them hands up and show some love
and i welcome u to detroit city
i said welcome to detroit city
every place everywhere we go
man we deep everywhere we roll
ask around and they all know tricky
ask whats good man they all say tricky
 homie its been a long time comin' and i'm straight with that
marshall call me 50 four and laced the track
this the beat you hear it bangin', he produced it himself
my bad almost forgot to introduce myself
my name is trick trick, head of the goon sqwad
and gangsta, been bangin' the underground since 95 we're bangin
elected to be the villain, and certified a menace
holdin' it down since i paroled, up outta prison
you heard about me, you just didn't know it was me
all the treacherous, evil deeds of the d yeah that was me
pickin' up the kid from the game, i just wasn't chasin' the fame
i been chasin' the paper product and givin' lames the pain
accusations of violence you know you heard of that
a quarter of a million dollars for beatin' the murder rap
wonder boy holdin' me up, shady done put it out
trick trick and eminem, detroit back in the house
where's my gangstas and all my thugs,
throw them hands up and show some love
and i welcome u to detroit city
i said welcome to detroit city
every place everywhere we go
man we deep everywhere we roll
ask around and they all know tricky
ask whats good man they all say tricky
 ayo em, you ever need one of these weapons come get it
from now on every beef that you get in homie i'm in it
i been ridin' for this city, whether wrong or right
i been whooppin' on mothaf***as for the longest time
so its evident, its time for trick to get it fast
the public, see they appreciate my criminal past
authorities tried to stop me but they couldn't keep up
got a fan base thats bigger than an average star
i'm satisfied with it bein' my time to shine
and i freak from the precinct for violent crimes
i ain't sayin' the shit that i'm sayin' so girls can feel me
only speakin' on what i know so the world can hear me
so peace to jimmy and dre for signin' my n****
he reached back to detroit and grabbed a winner
we gangstas and thugs, we embrace with love
and beat the hell outta anybody that f*** wit' us
where's my gangstas and all my thugs,
throw them hands up and show some love
and i welcome u to detroit city
i said welcome to detroit city
every place everywhere we go
man we deep everywhere we roll
ask around and they all know tricky
ask whats good man they all say tricky
 yeah. trick trick
eminem, wonder boy, shady
it's goin down baby
a yo em i got your back my n****
damn right i said my n****
that's my n****
trickey
i pull this mutha f***a out right here
motha f***s dont wanna talk no more
n****'s come out with there knives and shit
and i come back to this motha f***a, crack this b**** one good time
n****'s dont wana talk no more,do yea? they ignore you everytime,
please believe this motha f***a sittin right there em   hahaha!
welcome to detroit. come back soon. sorry we missed you.
trick trick!."
"feat. eminem
yo i got an idea
let me go grab sticky right quick
hey yo stick, stick
yo slim shady
yo i just had like a nightmah..
wait it wasn't like a nightmare
it was like a good dreah..
well it wasn't a good.. hey yo i just had a crazy dream man yo, yo i dreamed i was white! 
chorus: eminem
if he was white
what if he was white?
what if he was white?
what   if   he   was   white?
what if he was white?
what if he was
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?
verse one: sticky fingaz
yo, yo
what if i was white skin the same color as eminem's?
blond hair, blue eyes
the whole shibang
i know one thing
police wouldn't always be watching me
pull me over for nothing, constantly jockin me
yellow cabs in the cities that stop for me
i wouldn't need caladeral to buy property
if i was white
wouldn't matter if i was rich or poor
security wouldn't follow me around the store
like i'd steal something because i'm black i rob
and automatically assume i ain't got no job
on my own land i feel like an immigrant
if i was white
i wouldn't thought o.j. was innocent 
chorus: eminem
if i was white
what if he was white?
what if he was white? what if he was white, white, white, white, he was white what if he was white?
what if he was white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? (what if
he was white?)
what if he was white?
what if he was white?
what   if   he   was   white?
what if you were white? what if he was
white, white, white, white, white, white,
white,
white, white, white?
verse two: sticky fingaz
if i was white
it would be a different world for me
if i was white what shade would i be?
would i be redneck or skinhead, prepi or high class?
you probably live in a trailerpark and be white trash!
in any case that be l slim right? but there's a good and bad out of being white
you can't say the n word without starting a fight
true dance it'll be, i had two left feet
even if i was white
plaque still have a ghetto shitis it a minfo
or do i really have a little d*** if i was white
i would probably listen to hardcore rock
and covered my ears when ever i heard hip hop 
chorus: eminem
if he was white
what if he was white?
what if he was white? what if he was white, white, white, white, he was white
what if he was white?
what if he was
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? (what if
he was white?)
what if he was white?
what if he was white?
what if he was white, white, white, white, he was whitewhat if he was white? what if he was
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? (what if
he was white?)
verse three: sticky fingaz
yo,yo,yo, if i was white
i probably wouldn't even think the same
i watched tennis and golf and bet on hockey games wear suit and ties and go to work everyday
if i was white
i couldn't live around my way
in it probably wouldn't never even been an onyx shit
i be serice sippin vadka and tonixs
smokin on them all on a marboral
instead of a nueport
i live in long island
instead of new york
if i was white
i probably couldn't dunk
cuz everybody knows white man can't jump and probably wouldn't be able to go to the trees spots
cuz all the n****s trend think i was a cop
chorus: eminem
if he was white
what if he was white?
what if he was white?
what   if   he   was   white?what if he was white
what if he was
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?
what if you were white?
what if he was white?
what   if   he   was   white?
what if he was white?
what if he was
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?
if he was white?
what if he was white?
what if he was white
what   if   he   was   white?
white, white, white, white, white, white,
white, white, white, white?
what if he was white?
what if he was white?
white, white, white, white, white?
what if he was white
white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?
yo, what if i was white? uhh.."
"ha haaaaa...
now...now...now...unnhhh..
professional 2 shit...what!
staten island up in this muthaf***a...
mr. meth rep rep rep rep rep rep...
for the cause
wu tang killa beez forever my n****z
yeah...we put our draws in it...clue!
new method man!
eminem...
royce...
clue!
n****z is like ""oh my god not you!""
yes i'm in the flesh like hollow heads through your vest
no contest, m.e. eth man's obsessed
with sex, drugs and rock & roll
new tecs and calicos!
word has it we move mathematic on rappers
who don't add up, you get broke, battered and slapped up
8 million stories in the nekkid call yo man method
straight guerilla iller n**** kill a murder record
my verbal shooter does it to ya
the 16 bar ruger, bustin' yo funky dope manuevers
but i'm not ya super lover cee, i'm the super sperm
splash it on your skin rub it in like it's lubriderm
10 out of 10 i'll be the...
men of all men i mean the...
creme de la creme a schemer...
sippin' on 'gnac and zima...
true professional 2...
now that bush is president n**** we all through
wooooooooooord!
it's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder
why i keep on duckin' under the bed when i hear thunder
cuz i ain't crazy, i say shit that's crazy to crazy people
to make 'em believe i'm crazy so they can relate to me
and maybe believe in shady so they can be evil baby
i like that! i'm only as crazy as people made me
believe me, there'll be just as many muthaf***in' murderers
and heroin users without marlilyn's music
but i figure i make my music i don't care if you use it
to murder somebody, i just wanna be there when you do it!
now the parents are suein' cuz little darren is screwin'
karen and susan cause i told him to do it on clue's new shit
now it's all ruined, the whole world is f***ed up
cuz of me? two 12 year old girls is knocked up
my attitude's 'f*** it' like pac's was at one point
wanna come join? pick up a glock and just point
now everybody's killin' everybody and everybody's bloody
and i'm just laughin' like it's funny
cause i don't really give a shit about no muthaf***in' body
i'm so muthaf***in' nutty i don't give a f*** about nuttin'!
my wrist is...water and freeze
and mix this is...audio jesus the repent shit gets big
keep it sharp like knife in a pop device
so ""duro you gotta let it bump!"", i came from a hard knock life
they say this kid be rude like this can't be true
i suck my own d*** like if i had a rib removed
vampire, sun go down i'm still wylin'
bullets travel through the air in the night like phil collins
rock city baby knife through your throat 'til you're broke
rise from the underground like sewer smoke
it's all shifty, i got all a my dogs wit' me
and they all rich, and still all a they palms itchy
we'll pump, rumble over birds jungle urge
walkin' like we talkin' drunk while we stumble over words
clue...duro...slim...meth...
five...nine...hold up...breath
it's just...mr. meth and dj clue
i ain't crazy, i just do what the beats say do
it's just...slim shady and dj clue
i ain't evil, i just do what the beats say do
unnh..royce 5 9 and dj clue
i ain't bad, i just do what the beats say do..unnh...
dj clue!
desert storm!
come oooooooon maaaaaaaan!"
"what you say
intro
dre: oh, so i'm out the game, huh
eminem: yo dre, we ridin'?
dre: whatever...
eminem: well i'm wit ya homie
dre: okay, well let's handle the small shit
verse 1
eminem:
i was born to brew up storms, stir up shit, kick up dust, cuss till i slur up spit
grew up too quick, went through too much, knew too much shit, corrupt, and i'ma pour it on like syrup, b****
thick 'n rich, sick and twisted, mr. buttersworth, dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth
till the cow just tilts and tips and stumbles to earth, and if i fumble a verse, keep going, first take
i make mistakes just keep it, no punches pull, no punches, that's weak shit
fake shit, if i ever take shit i'll eat shit, wasn't for him, wouldn't be shit
dre:
creep with me as we take a little trip down memory lane, been here longer than anyone in the game
and i ain't got to lie about my age, ""but what about jermaine?"" f*** jermaine, he don't belong speakin' mine or timbaland's name
and don't think i don't read your lil' interviews and see what you're sayin', i'm a giant, and i ain't gotta move
till i'm provoked, when i see you, i'ma step on you and not even know it
you midget, mini me with a bunch of little mini yous, runnin' round your backyard swimmin' pools
over eighty million records sold, and i ain't have to do it with ten or eleven year olds
chorus cus what you say is what you say, say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin' it
just remember how you said it when you was sprayin' it, so who you playin' wit, huh?
verse 2
eminem:
second verse, it gets worse, it gets no better than this, amatuers drink veteran piss
from a dixie cup, if you ever mix me up or confuse me with a cannabis or dre with a dupri
we'll rub it in, every club you're in, we'll have you black balled and make sure you never rap a f***in' gain
dre ain't havin' it as long as i'm here to play devil's advocate
dre:
if there was some magic shit i could wave over the industry, that could save it when i'm gone and buried
to make sure the tradition carries on, i would
eminem:
if i could only use this power for good, i wouldn't, not even if i could
dre:
from the hood, and i'm a hornet, and i'ma only sting when i cornered
eminem:
and i'ma only sucker punch and swing without warning
and swing to knock somebody's f***in' head off, cus i know if they get up, i won't get a chance to let off
another punch, i'm punk rock, no one's punk, don't give a f***, white pac, so much spunk
when i was little i knew i would blow up and sell a mill, or grow up to be atilla, go nuts and be a killer
dre:
and i'm, somethin' of a phenom, one puff of the chron, i'm unstoppable, i'm alive and on top again
there's no obstacle that i can't conquer so come along wit us….cmon
chorus 
verse 3
dre:
now anybody who knows dre, knows i'm about fast cars and alize, partyin' all day
but i handled my business, cus it' work before play, don't look for trouble, but i'll serve you gourmet
however you want it, you can have it your way, you f*** my night up, i'ma f*** up your day
bullet with your name, sendin' it your way, that goes for anyone who walks through that doorway
cus this is my space, you invade it, live to regret it, and you'll die tryin' to violate it
f*** around, get annihilated, eyes dialated
eminem:
like my old lady?
cus what you say is what you say, sometimes what you mean is two different things, depending on your mood if it swings
think too many things, little hit of dre's weed, i can do anything, catch a contact and i'm gone
and i'm back, i speed write and my loose leaf's my launch pad
dre:
and i can pull any string, don't have to prove anything
catch a contract on your head, you headed west, talk shit about dre, you better get a vest
and invest in something to protect your head and neck
eminem:
and it's back and forth, all day like red and meth, i joke when i say i'm the best, in the booth, but a lot of truth is said in jest
and if i ever do live to be a legend i'ma die a sudden death
five mics in the source, ain't holdin' my f***in' breath, but i'll suffocate for the respect 'fore i breathe
to collect a f***in' check
chorus 
outro
dre: watch your f***in' mouth
timbaland: yo this timbaland. tell'em i said suck…my d***"
"back when cube   was rollin wit lorenzo in a benzo
i was bangin wit a gang of instrumentals
got the pens and pencils, got down to business; but sometimes
the business end of this shit can turn your friends against you
but you was a real n****, i could sense it in you
i still remember the window of the car that you went through
that's f***ed up, but i'll never forget the shit we been through
and i'ma do whatever it takes to convince you
cuz you my n**** doc, and eazy i'm still wit you
f*** the beef, n**** i miss you, and that's just bein real wit you
you see the truth is
everybody wanna know how close me and snoop is
and who i'm still cool wit
then i got these fake ass n****z i first drew with
claimin that they non violent, talkin like they *voice sample*
spit venom in interviews, speakin on reunions
move units, then talk shit and we can do this
until then   i ain't even speakin your name
just keep my name outta yo' mouth and we can keep it the same
n****, it ain't that i'm too big to listen to the rumors
it's just that i'm too damn big to pay attention to 'em
that's the difference
chorus: phish 
what's the difference between me and you?
you talk a good one   but you don't do what you supposed to do
i act on what i feel and never deal wit emotions
i'm used to livin big dog style and straight coastin
yo i stay wit it
while you try to perpetrate, play wit it
never knew about the next level until dre did it i stay committed while you motherf***ers baby sitted
i smash you critics like a overhand right from ridd***
 come and get it, shitted on villians by the millions
i be catchin b****es while b****es be catchin feelings
so what the f*** am i supposed to do?
i pop bottles and hot hollow points at each and all of you a heartless bastard, high and plastered
my style is like the reaction from too much acid   never come down
pass it around if you can't handle it
hang hollywood n****z by they soul train laminates
what's the difference between me and you? about five bank accounts, three ounces and two vehicles
until my death, i'm bangladesh
i suggest you hold yo' breath til ain't none left
yo that's the difference
chorus
aight, hold up hold up!
stop the beat a minute!! i got somethin to say
dre; i wanna tell you this shit right now while this f***in weed is in me
 i don't know if i ever told you this, but i love you dawg
i got your motherf***in back, just know this shit
 riiight? .. slim, i don't know if you noticed it
but i've had your back from day one, n**** let's blow this b****
 i mean it dawg, you ever need somebody offed   who's throat is it?
 well if you ever kill that kim b****, i'll show you where the ocean is
well that's cool, and i appreciate the offer
but if i do decide to really murder my daughter's momma
i'ma sit her up in the front seat and put sunglasses on her
and cruise around wit her for seven hours through california
and have her wavin at people  then drop her off on the corner
at the police station and drive off honkin the horn for her
raw dawg, get your arm gnawed off
drop the sawed off and beat you wit the piece it was sawed off of
f*** blood, i wanna see some lungs coughed up
get shot up in the hot tub til the bubbles pop up
and they nose and cough snot up, mucus in hot water
that's for tryin to talk like the chronic was lost product
that's for even thinkin of havin them thoughts thought up!
you better show some respect whenever the doc's brought up!!
so what's the difference between us? we can start at the penis
or we can scream, ""i just don't give a f***,"" and see who means it!"
"artist: dj jazzy jeff f/ eminem and parl yams
 :
""no...you hear me! you go to hell""  > mr. garrison
yo
at birth i was born with the biggest middle finger on earth
the first time i went to stick it up the shit hurt
moms wouldn't take it, the b**** still hates me
one day she said, ""go rake leaves,"" i said, ""make me!""
i'm proud to announce i was probably the first kid
who was kicked out of his house for making fart sounds with his mouth
arguing with me and mom was on going
she called law enforcement when i broke the law mower
the slut gave me a truck when i turned sixteen
i went to start it and it screamed, ""please fix me!""
back then, when will smith was still the fresh prince
and him and jeff were still best friends, i guess then
i decided to cut class to rap full time
and get the f*** outta the fake school and rhyme
anybody who thinks this f***in attitude is a gimmick
come and see me, see if i don't live up to this image
break shit!
 :
""no...you hear me! you go to hell!""
yo, y'all rappers have never learned
that's why i'm f***in wit y'all
run around telling n****s they can f*** wit parl
i bring it to your high school, smoke the prom
put your brother in an air lock, choke your mom
cause any horror like a play off loss in game seven
walk around ripping on n****s madder than james evans
my left hand's sharp it moves freestyle ultra
slap my d*** like kool keith
f*** like you stole from me, and rules the streets
i don't wanna have to f*** you up, so cool cease
parl yams be the chosen thug
what i spit be cold juice like a fruitful hug
run the streets while you're stuck at home
my temper life bushwick bill f***er leave me the f*** alone
i've been jealous since n****s was windmillin'
these cats just started to rhyme, my pen's spillin'
and moms just told me to act, i've been wheelin'
so boy just slow your deck, i've been stealin'
i wet rappers cause it's me and em
i guess i just ain't give a f*** like eminem
burglarize take busts with the slugs
come in your window like  and bustin' your club
put the heat up i teach them n****z what to suck
and my young lords, when to stand up and light the dutch
 :
""no...you hear me! you go to hell!""
i ended my last show with a horse swingin' a lasso
drunk with the asshole ripped out of an old bathrobe
cause i don't give a f***, you better understand that
two zantacs i give a f*** if i sound whack
billboard, drugs is what i kill for
i'm happy gilmore, you slip me anything in pill form
i'm in to mingle but i plan to stay single
play bingo and drink, get old and watch my face wrinkle
sike, i'm 24 thursday; six more birthdays
and i'm blowin my brains out when i'm thirty
as long as my heart beats i'ma keep tryin to see
how much speed i can eat before i fall the f*** asleep
so ""i'm the rapper, he's the dj""
i'm the one thats got the six year old nephew screamin ""f/u/c/k""
so jeff, give me a scratch y'all can kiss my ass until your lips stick to my pants
 :
""no...you hear me! you go to hell!"""
"yeah you got me,
i'm up now, it's your loss
suffered to you
history is like a cord on no relay
keeps repeating itself, what else can i say
you wondering why i act this way
never should have gave you the time of day
i guess you know what time it is now ay
there must of been a gust of wind
cause you change your mind everytime it blows
and you just changed it a motherf ckin again
you just said you just wanted some d*** 'fore i stuck it in
i wouldn't of been such a prick to you
f ckin men you say you don't trust em
why do i hear the sound of toilets flushing
some sh t is goin down
you must've just not of been truthful from the start
see for me it'd be nothing to say you never had my heart
but i'd be lyin
f ckin see why they call this bullsh t a relationship, ships sink
and you know its love as soon as you fall in it cause shit stinks
and it feels like everytime i f ckin do i get jynxed
cupid must've put a curse on me
6 weeks have went buy and we only spoke twice
i'm sittin in your driveway callin' you from the car
suffice i think its safe to say you're not at home
i'm callin your cell phone you answer
but i can tell though that your not alone
how was i to know it should of been time to go a long time ago
i kept holdin on
its comical when i think back now
why i couldnt get the hint
you feel the draft you were throwin i wasnt catchin' your drift
but theres a cold breeze blowin over me
i'm over you, success is the best revenge to pay you back
and that payment is overdo
i overcame odds to get even
the sober me is shittin on the unsober you
and i hope they play this in every club your go into
i'm hauntin' you b**** everywhere you turn i'm following you
cause i loved you with every ounce of me
you know its true, its killin you now, yeah
i hope the hoe dies slow in you
its cause of you now i don't 'em trust at all
f ck a middle finger up
i'm gonna just keep grabbin my balls, cup em
i'll never fall again, i trip on stairs, i fall up em
so buttercup don't try to come back knockin on my door all dolled up
cause i'm moving on, don't worry about me
cause i'm gon be just fine without you, you'll see
there ain't no one on this earth right now i'd rmuch rather be
cause god dammit i'm glad that i'm me
i said if you could be where i'm at you'd wanna be you too
if you felt the way i feel
i bet you'd be in as good a mood as i am
but you don't 'cause you just feel like you
i've had it for the last time
you're actions got me hot as my last rhyme
you're options will either get put out greenwich or as fine
fine just ain't gon cut it
drama is what you're in love with
you're one of them b tches you run with
lately i'm feeling smothered
 conceited with cover girl motives
i gotta rise above it
you think them models loving me
i'm thinking bout who doesn't, doesn't really matter what you say
sickness in my stomach,
told you i was gon be splitting, you don't think i mean it
meant it, everything i got, f ck you
ain't no secret no apologies you keep it
now that i'm doing my thing and you peep it
the badder times all outweigh the recent
your energy who needs it
every rumour you hear you go believe it
point out the times you've seen it
you stabbed me should linked it
revenge is mine, i need it, need a way out
it's my f cking life, let her find a way to stay out
bet you thought i'd break, ain't that easy
bet you thought i need you a million times before you need me
leave me everything that i gave to you
ain't no freebies get your coat and go
the female pinnochio, money hungry, hopeless hoe
you f cking with my focus so
go back to that trunk that played the role before
love is like a cancer when you don't let go 
i'mma blow fo 'sho
unnecessary weight makes the boat go slow
i don't need you sinking us
i hope you float, lying through my teeth i hope you don't
now the sound of every dope
bottles pop out while he smoke
hit me pride that we broke
let them girls crowding me go
if they got something to show
let em show me how i love, i'm never lonely
never even left a scar
you fell hard, i'm laughing
ha ha ha ha ha
tyre smoke fancy car
nothing is what we are
no beginning no tomorrow
cause i'm moving on, don't worry about me
cause i'm gon be aight without you, you'll see
there ain't no one on this
earth i'd much rather be cause god dammit
i'm glad that i'm me
i said if you could be where i'm at you'd wanna be you too
if you felt the way i feel
i bet you'd be in as good a mood as i am
but you don't so you just feel like you"
"america! we love you!
how many people are proud to be citizens of this beautiful country of ours?
the stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect
the women and men who have broke their necks for the freedom of speech the
united states government has sworn to uphold. (yo i want everybody to
listen to the words of this song) or so we're told...
verse 1
i never would've dreamed in a million years i'd see, so many motherf***in'
people who feel like me who share the same views and the same exact beliefs,
it's like a f***in' army marchin' in back of me so many lives i touch, so
much anger aimed in no particular direction, just sprays and sprays and
straight through your radio waves it plays and plays, till it stays stuck
in your head for days and days who woulda thought, standing in this mirror
bleachin' my hair, with some peroxide, reachin for a t shirt to wear
that i would catapult to the forefront of rap like this? how could i predict
my words would have an impact like this i must've struck a chord, with
somebody up in the office, cuz congress keeps telling me i ain't causin'
nuthin' but problems and now they're sayin' i'm in trouble with the government,
i'm lovin' it, i shoveled shit all my life and now i'm dumping it on...
chorus x2
white america!
i could be one of your kids
white america!
little eric looks just like this
white america!
erica loves my shit
i go to trl, look how many hugs i get
verse 2
look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself, if they were brown
shady lose, shady sits on the shelf but shady's cute, shady knew shady's
dimples would help, make ladies swoon baby, ooh baby! look at my sales
lets do the math, if i was black i would've sold half, i aint have to
graduate from lincoln high school to know that but i could rap, so f***
school, i'm too cool to go back, gimme the mic, show me where the f***in'
studio's at when i was underground, no one gave a f*** i was white, no
labels wanted to sign me almost gave up, i was like f*** it, until i met
dre, the only one who looked past, gave me a chance, and i lit a fire up
under his ass helped him get back to the top, every fan black that i got
was probably his in exchange for every white fan that he's got like damn,
we just swapped. sittin' back lookin' at shit, wow, i'm like my skin is
it starting to work to my benefit now!
chorus x2
verse 3
see the problem is i speak to suburban kids who otherwise would of never
knew these words exist whose moms probably woulda never gave two squirts
of piss, till i created so much motherf***in' turbulence straight out the
tube, right into your living rooms i came, and kids flipped when they knew
i was produced by dre that's all it took, and they were instantly hooked
right in, and they connected with me too because i looked like them that's
why they put my lyrics up under this microscope, searchin' with a fine
tooth comb, its like this rope waitin' to choke, tightening around my
throat, watching me while i write this, like i don't like this all i hear is: lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy, sponsors working
round the clock, to try to stop my concerts early surely hip hop was
never a problem in harlem only in boston, after it bothered the fathers
of daughters starting to blossom so now i'm catchin' the flack from these
activists when they raggin', actin' like i'm the first rapper to smack a
b****, or say f***** shit, just look at me like i'm your closest pal, the
posterchild, the mother f***in' spokesman now for...
chorus x2
verse 4
so to the parents of america
i am the derringer aimed at little erica, to attack her character
the ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns
sent to lead the march right up to the steps of congress
and piss on the lawns of the white house, to burn the flag and replace it
with a parental advisory sticker
to spit liquor in the face in this democracy of hypocrisy
f*** you ms. cheney! f*** you tipper gore! f*** you with the freest of
speech this divided states of embarassment will allow me to have, f*** you!
i'm just playin' america, you know i love you..."
"i never knew i..
i never knew i..
mic check one two
i never knew i..
who woulda knew?
i never knew i..
who'da known?
i never knew i..
f*** woulda thought?
i never knew i..
motherf***er comes out
i never knew i..
and sells a couple of million records
i never knew i..
and these motherf***ers hit the ceiling
i never knew i..
i don't do black music, i don't do white music
i make fight music, for high school kids
i put lives at risk when i drive like this i put wives at risk with a knife like this shit, you probably think i'm in your tape deck now
i'm in the back seat of your truck, with duct tape stretched out
ducked the f*** way down, waitin to straight jump out
put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face, what now?
oh   you want me to watch my mouth, how?
take my f***in eyeballs out, and turn em around?
look   i'll burn your f***in house down, circle around
and hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burning furniture out
 i'm sorry, there must be a mix up
you want me to fix up lyrics while the president gets his d*** sucked?
 f*** that, take drugs, rape sluts
make fun of g** clubs, men who wear make up
get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor
quit tryin to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement
 but don't blame me when lil' eric jumps off of the terrace
you shoulda been watchin him   apparently you ain't parents
chorus: eminem
cause i never knew i, knew i would get this big
i never knew i, knew i'd effect this kid
i never knew i'd, get him to slit his wrist
i never knew i'd, get him to hit this b****
i never knew i, knew i would get this big
i never knew i, knew i'd effect this kid
i never knew i'd, get him to slit his wrist
i never knew i'd, get him to hit this b****
so who's bringin the guns in this country? i couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun through customs over in london
and last week, i seen a schwarzaneggar movie
where he's shootin all sorts of these motherf***ers with a uzi
i sees three little kids, up in the front row,
screamin ""go,"" with their 17 year old uncle
i'm like, ""guidance   ain't they got the same moms and dads
who got mad when i asked if they liked violence?""
and told me that my tape taught 'em to swear
what about the make up you allow your 12 year old daughter to wear?
 so tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words
when his bus driver's screamin at him, f***in him up worse
and f*** was the first word i ever learned
up in the third grade, flippin the gym teacher the bird so read up, about how i used to get beat up
peed on, be on free lunch, and change school every 3 months
my life's like kinda what my wife's like f***ed up after i beat her f***in ass every night, ike
so how much easier would life be
if 19 million motherf***ers grew to be just like me?
chorus
i never knew i.. knew i'd..
have a new house or a new car
a couple years ago i was more poorer than you are
i don't got that bad of a mouth, do i?
f*** shit ass b**** c***, shooby de doo wop skibbedy be bop, a christopher reeves
sonny bono, skis horses and hittin some trees how many r*****s'll listen to me
and run up in the school shootin when they're pissed at a
teach er, her, him, is it you is it them?
""wasn't me, slim shady said to do it again!""
damn! how much damage can you do with a pen?
man i'm just as f***ed up as you woulda been
if you woulda been, in my shoes, who woulda thought
slim shady would be somethin that you woulda bought
that woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop
i just said it   i ain't know if you'd do it or not
chorus
how the f*** was i supposed to know?"
"* contains a sample of ""one step beyond"" by madness, chas smash being a member
of the group
don't watch that  watch this!!
* contains a sample of ""one step beyond"" by madness, chas smash being a member
of the group
don't watch that  watch this!!
whose arm is this?
i must have cut it off at the pharmacist
who refused to ret roll my servitude scripts in the derby sets
i'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets
that never leaves his house, cos he thinks his car's possessed.
i hate my life
that's why i degrade my wife
grab the paper plate to make a sandwich in the state of night
my mother screaming ""please hear me, that it straight to christ!""
meets are in the streets and slap me just to break the ice (correction: meet u in ht estreet an slap you just to break the ice: what up ?
im eminem_)
made a bomb threat with a fake device
strip you naked twice.
pistol with you with fortune to take advice.
and if you catch me bobbing my head to some bullshit you were spitting
i was probably just trying to shake the lice bumps falling out of my head
i'm wishing i was dead
while i'm falling out of my bed
pissing violet red.
and my raps are returning
i feel the sensation of burning.
the purple use of the germ with the painful release of my yermin (correction:
painful release of my urine)
i'm screaming in my saddle ""please quit following me!!!!!""
these pills keeps screaming, ""please quit swallowing meeee!""
the devil keeps screaming, ""please keep telling on me!""
i took the drugs before the cops or they found them on me"
"hey...where'd everybody go hmmmmm
guess who's back?
back again
ken is back
tell some men
rub my back
rub my back
rum my back
rub my back
rub my back
*ken grunts and leaves stage
where did everybody go*"
"my words are weapons
i use 'em to crush my opponents
my words are weapons
i never show no emotion
my words are weapons
i use 'em to kill whoever's steppin to me
my words are like weaponry on a record
     
my words are weapons
i use 'em to crush my opponents
these words are weapons
i never did show no emotion
my words are weapons
i use 'em to kill whoever's steppin to me
my words are like weaponry on a record
yo, the rage i release on a page
is like a demon unleashed in a cage
lunatic, soon as i hit the stage
my mind is like a f***in stick of dynamite
once i get behind the mic
it's like the wick is lit   you b****es die tonight
my nine is like a guidin light at night shinin bright
my f***in grip is tighter than my wife's vagina, psych
these cock suckin cops got my smith n wesson
i guess it's time to pick a different weapon, man this shit's depressin
but swift is getting me a new one for a christmas present
they managed to confiscate the pistol that i brandish
but my plan is to use this bullshit to my advantage
shady stay creative baby hold your head up, don't you let up
one bit on these motherf***in suckers you're a soldier +get up+
stand up for what you believe in, long as you breathin
they jealous of you man that's the only reason they beefin!
it's that dirty dozen renegade
you done pulled the pin out my grenade
.38's'll move your shit up out the way
you n****s wont forget about mcveigh; you got somethin to say?
let it out today or watch these bullets spray
from these ten black fingers huggin these deadly millimeters
that'll make jeff dahmer's look like he caught a misdemeanor
see i'm +dirty+, so i ain't gotta buy a pistol cleaner
an official beater, don't let me see you with yo' heater
you gets whipped with it, tell them motherf***ers swift did it
you packin somethin special in your crib then b**** get it
i'm physically fitted to run yo' digits, i'm hostile with this roscoe pointed up your nostrils
you get splitted and guess what, i'm blowin up the hospital
and wouldn't give a f*** if you a cop or a hoe
i'm hannibal lector, the spinal cord disconnector
findin whores to lock 'em up in motels to inject 'em
i'm eatin crews like i'm hannibal
there's no way i can be the g** rapper
 i only f*** animals stupid trick got my d*** startin to itch
went to my mother's grave site, called her a stupid b****
one on one in this bloodsport
i'm in divorce court, sold my b**** off a pack of newports
 six times i been arrested; how would you feel
if you was a jehovah witness that always got molested?
 i'm smokin dank drinkin drank
i can't have any kids cause i'm f***in shootin blanks!
don't you know bizarre don't give a f***?!
nicole's a whore   i'm glad o.j. murdered the slut responsibility   i'm negligent
bill clinton's a f**, should be stabbed
let richard simmons be the president call me a weirdo, call me bi zirre
while i stick it up yo' ass while you shittin diarrhea
yo!"
"peace to thirston howl, a.l. and wordsworth
my mother smoked crack i had a premature birth
i'm just a nerd cursed with badly disturbed nerves
who wanna be the one to step up and get served first
ninety nine percent of aliens prefer earth
come here to rule the planet, storm on your turf
i hid a secret message inside of a word search
with smeared letters, runnin together and blurred spurts
hang with male shovenest pigs and perverts
who point water pistols at women and squirt shirts
been a bad boy since diapers and gerbers
my first words were bleep bleep and curse curse
never had shit and i still don't deserve dirt
my breath still stinks, and i'm on my third cert
digging out my stitches, and hollering nurse nurse
you said this shot would numb me this shit just hurts worse
when tha worst comes to worst
my peoples come first
when tha worst comes to worst
my peoples come first
when tha worst comes to worst
my peoples come first
when tha worst comes to worst
my peoples come first
i'll puke, eat it, and freak you battle? i'm too weeded to speak to
the only key that i see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
i'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
you'll think i pulled the f***in ground out from underneath you
 i ain't no f***in g, i'm a cannibal
i ain't tryin to shoot you,
i'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers f*** the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
i'm so bananas i'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it
while i sit back and just hope it catches
blow you to fragments
laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes
when tha worst comes to worst
my peoples come first
when tha worst comes to worst
my peoples come first
when tha worst comes to worst
my peoples come first
when tha worst comes to worst
my peoples come first
yo, speed racer, 97' burgundy blazer
wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer
i'm on some low ish,
i'm fed up wit the being broke ish
i'm not to joke wit
b****, i don't sell crack, i smoke it
my brains dusted; i'm disgusted at all my habits
too many asprin tablets and empty medicine cabinets
loosing battles to wack rappers 'cause i'm always too blunted
walkin' up in the cypher smokin', talkin' like, ""who want it?""
thug and crook; every drug in the book i've done it
my 9's at your frame,is that your chain? run it
who wants to die of an overdose of excessive flavor?
aggressive nature got me stickin' you for your progressive pager
spectacular, battle rap manufacturer
stole your mom's acura, wrecked it, then sold it back to her
the doctors you'll need after our battle are known as psychiatrics
i'll tell the nurses to hold a bed for you,
and i'ma make sure you come back for it
so barricade your infants, put up some extra fences
a woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses
..take em' on long vacation trips
kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships
mess up your face and lips
slit your stomach and watch your gut split
gut you wit that razor that i use to shave my nuts wit
mama don't you cry, your son's too far gone
i'm so high, i don't even know what label i'm on
i'm messed up, feelin' like an over worked plumber
i'm sick of the crap, what's dr. kevorkian's phone number
i come in here spitting
with nine riffing non fiction
rappers try to step to this
with no prediction
and now i'm bashing and crashing
and thrashing
i hate rappers with a passion
when i'm chilling next to dj fashion
aiiiyyo
i need a f***ing kleenex
before i die like withered pheonixes
when i'm chilling with felix
hit em with the freestyle...
i'm homicidal, and suicidal with no friends
holdin a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends
sprayin tecs at you until you see your f***in legs
with the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin next to you
f***in mad dog, foamin at the mouth
f*** mouth, my whole house, is foamin at the couch
jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building
and shot every window out on the way down to the ground woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed, chopped em in half
suffocated the oxygen mask
shit if i get any higher, i'ma get the east and west beefin again
slide back to where u come from and stand in the crossfire
when tha worst comes to worst
my peoples come first
when tha worst comes to worst
my peoples come first
when tha worst comes to worst
my peoples come first
when tha worst comes to worst
my peoples come first
how would you like to suck my balls"""
"writer?s block
yeah, yeah
i don?t know what else to say
i can?t, i can?t think of nothin?
i?m stumped
here we go 
on your feet stand up everybody hands up uh, man, i dunno, man
everytime i go to think of something played out to say
you already said it
i ain?t calling names cause all of y?all the same, plus
i?m the king, all my past pain all done changed up
all these plains, all these lames, since the slaughter?s came up
cause they know they hands tied, feet ball and chained up
n ggas be quick to call me the new 50 cent
because of my relationship with marshall
used to make me a little partial, but here?s the brain f ck
we the same cuz
i?m probably about to fall out with a young buck
while i attempt to f ck the f cking game up
b****, splat, only thing i fear in here is chit chat
you are hearing bars like your ear against a kit kat
shady guys like the navy, drive, wavy bye bye
maybe my glock can turn your top to baby?s maybach
my shit is powerful, literally sick, trust me n gga
it?s ugly to kill a thing if the bigger i get
the more disgusting and f ckin? disfigured it gets
n ggas expect me to go pop, oh, stop
y?all about the champagne, i?m about the toast
i, only f ck with mailmen with heroin from boca
n ggas that?ll smoke you while you staring in your postbox
only incense he enlightens when he?s thinkin?
while that sinks in, i got a brinks ink pen
i?m back, muthaf cker
notice the flyness on the cover of the xxl
i?m back from the dead like tobey maguire from the brothers
how y?all realer?  if i said it, i did it
if i didn?t, i seen it first hand like a car dealer
give up the throne, your lease up, i am the mona lisa
that decoded da vinci code, you throwin? your piece up
is a waste of fake like a phony b cup
n gga, the mistake was like my only teacher
wait ?til they get a load of me ?cause
i?ve got gucci?s on my feet
diamonds on my neck
diamonds on my wrist
b****es on my d***
but y?all already said that
choppers in the trunk
models in the front
bottles in the club
but i don?t give a f ck
but y?all already said that
cause sometimes i feel like it?s so hard
for me to come up with shitty to say i?m at a loss for words ?cause y?all already said it all
i think i?m runnin? out of cliches
i?m gettin? writer?s block
psyche!
when i stand up in this booth, n ggas notice it
sittin? on the same boat that noah built
floatin? on the same water moses split
poetry in motion, but we sittin? on your grave site, overkill
aren?t you tired? why are you so loud? quiet!
real dudes move in silence like a mute drivin? a new hybrid
you dudes is too excited
you a dude that?d try to sue a dude that?s suicidal
you will just be another victim
i am like a nickel of weed rolled in a doobie, i?m a little twisted
i roll like the end credits in movies, y?all just got scripted
got y?all n ggas? b****es bobbin? to this one when she witcha
when she wit? me, she bobbin?, not vibin?
tryna put her mind into the inside of my zipper
i?m a sperate with a purpose, havin? problems?
not a problem i?ve encountered
i have found elephants, lions, clowns
will jump through hoops like they workin? for the circus
at the fire round the circle?s right in front of them, fire rounds
pun intended, gun extended, what are you mark?s askin??
car?s aston, started as a hard top and i saw past it
since i decided to start class diss
all black, all glass, panoramic roof been gettin? marked absent
i authorize my own all access
your b**** a whore, i?m a catch, she ball catchin?
her jaw?s been broadcasted all across the globe from the store to japan
her p ssy need to blocked and reported as spam
bong! interscope up in this dope and i sell it
my voicemail is full, got b****es screamin? inside of envelopes
and they tryna mail ?em to me, tryna reach my phone
i don?t know which one is harder
tryna not to take your b**** or tryna get rid of my own
i got gucci?s on my feet
diamonds on my neck
diamonds on my wrist
b****es on my d***
but y?all already said that
choppers in the trunk
models in the front
bottles in the club
but i don?t give a f***
but y?all already said that
cause sometimes i feel like it?s so hard
for me to come up with shitty to say i?m at a loss for words ?cause y?all already said it all
i think i?m runnin? out of cliches
i?m gettin? writer?s block
psyche!
man, get the bozac
we need to start bringin? that shit back man, f ck it, i?m ?bout to catch some wreck mad props to royce for keepin? it real
on the strength, no diggity
i?m ?bout to go pull some hoes, get my mack on
haters get the gasface!"
"what we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough
if you wish to be saved, not in a religious sense
but not to constitute what this country at times calls if or which over
we seem to be approaching an age of the gross
we all have this idea that we should move up from our parents station
and each generation should do a little bit better
aight come on, let's cut the bullshit enough
let's get it started, let's start addressing this issue and open it up
let's take this shit back to ""bassmint""
and we can discuss statements that's made on this tape
and it's whole origin of the music that we all know and love
the music that we all enjoy the music you all accuse me of tryna destroy
let's rewind it to 89 when i was a boy on the east side of detroit
crossin' 8 mile in the border in the hate territory
i'd like to share a story
this is my story and can't no body tell it for me
you will well inform me
i am well aware that i don't belong here
you've made that perfectly clear
i get my ass kicked damn near everywhere
from bel air shopping center just for stopping in there
from the black side all the way to the white side
okay there's a bright side, a day that i might slide
you may call it a past, i call it haulin' my ass
through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks
oh them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks
them good old notorious oh well known tracks
chorus
so let's go back
follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
journey with me as i take you through this nifty little place
that i once used to call home sweet home
come on let's go back
follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
journey with me as i take you through this nifty little place
that i once used to call home sweet home
i roam the streets so much they call me a drifter
sometimes i stick up a thumb just to hitch hike
just to get picked up to get me a lift to 8 mile and van dike
and steal a goddamn bike from somebody's backyard
and drop it off at the park that was the half way mark
to meet kim had to walk back to her mama's them dramas after dark
to sneak me in the house when i'm kicked out my mom's
that's about the time i first met proof, when poof he'd carry on the set
set eyes born in and out some flyers, he was doin' some talent shows
at centerline, i had told him to stop by and check this out sometime
he looked at me like i'm out my mind
shook his head like white boys don't know how to rhyme
i spit out a line, rhymed ""birthday"" with ""first place""
and we both had the same rhymes that sound alike
we was on the same shit that big daddy kane shit
wit' compound syllables sound combined
from that day we was down to ride
somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line
chorus
my first year in 9th grade, can't forget that day at school
it was cool till your man mc sham came through
and said that boom was the brain 'cause the clan makes troops
it was rumors but man god damned they flew
musta been true because man we done banned they shoes
i had the new ones the cool j, ice land swayed too
and we just through them in the trash like they yesterday's news
guess who came through next, x clam debut
professor x exists in a state of red, black, and green with a key, sissies
now with this bein' a new trend, we don't fit in
crackers is out with cactus albums, blackness is in
african symbols and medallions
represent black power, and we ain't know what it meant
me and my man howard and ??? would go to the mall
wit' 'em all over our necks like we're showin' 'em off
not knowin' at all we was bein' laughed at
you ain't even half black
you ain't 'posed to have that
homie let me grab that
and that flavor flave clock
we gon' have to snatch that
all i remember is meetin' back at, manix's basement
sayin' how we hate this, our races wit' dope the x clan take this
which reminds me, back in '89 me, and kim broke up for the first time
she was tryna two time me
and there was this black girl at our school
who thought i was cool 'cause i rapped, so she was kinda eyein' me
and oh the irony, guess what her name was?
i ain't even gon' say it plus
the same color hair as hers was and blue contacts and a pair of jugs
the bombast god damn girl in our whole school
if i could pull it not only would i become more popular
but i would be able to piss kim off at the same time
but it backfired, i was supposed to dump her
but she dumped me for this black guy
and that's the last i ever seen or heard or spoke to the oh foolish pride girl
but i've heard people say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad
but it was i singled out a whole race and for that apologize
i was wrong, 'cause no matter what color a girl is she still a ???
chorus"
"yeah...
who run it?
you know, you actin' like you don't know
we run it
you know but you actin' like you don't know
who run it?
you know, you actin' like you don't know
we run it
you know but you actin' like you don't know
you know, you actin' like you don't know
i tear the club up fo' sho
this flow is gon' bring more dough
and you know but you actin' like you don't know
now homie i say i run it  'cause i'm in control
hypnotic, hennessey, a couple shots of patron
i have you feelin' aight, i get you high as a kite
party poppin' shawty says she comin' with me tonight
i ain't shoulder leanin', i ain't snappin' and poppin'
either i'm bobbin' my head or i'm just stadin' their watchin'
i'm a hustler i hustle, you can tell that i'm paid
and i protect what i got, i'm in the house with my blade
n**** you front you gone get it, okay now maybe i said it
'cause i want you to triddy, yeah i be on that shitty
you should see when i'm stuntin', i flash the stones to be wantin'
push the whip, see me rollin', you can tell that i'm holdin'
i'm just doin' my thing, you know the units the game
i got my grimy shady with me, you front, you'll have to get me, off your ass
i pay the lawsuit and laugh it's not a big deal it's nothing but some cash 
who run it?
you know, you actin' like you don't know
i tear the club up fo' sho
this flow is gon' bring more dough
and you know but you actin' like you don't know
who run it?
you know, you actin' like you don't know
i tear the club up fo' sho
this flow is gon' bring more dough
and you know but you actin' like you don't know
when me and fif' got together to do this music
the more we became enveloped we just developed a fellowship through it
it's no pretend shit, it's friendship, me nemesis is su nemesis
ain't for him, it's just media, see to them it's just images
but this shit is no gimmicks, this is blood in and blood out
when there's beef you just gotta know when to butt in and butt out
if there's a problem we solve it, if we don't resolve it
it usually just evolves into one big brawl and we all get involved in it
we should all get a merit, this much beef we inherit
and wear it like a badge of honor, pass it around and share it
and let it go to whoever's holdin' the most current people on their shoulders
and their soldiers got their backs till it's over
but tonight, we ain't comin' here to beef with nobody
we came to party, banks, ca$his and mr. ferrari
so it's shady aftermizat back in that ass, you wizzass
come hizzon what kinda fuzukin' quizition is that
who run it?
you know, you actin' like you don't know
i tear the club up fo' sho
this flow is gon' bring more dough
and you know but you actin' like you don't know
who run it?
i say you know, you actin' like you don't know
i tear the club up fo' sho
this flow is gon' bring more dough
and you know but you actin' like you don't know
pistol play ricochet, see where the victim lay
slumped over bleeding j.f.k
hays k to your chest plate cave
i ride to the death, do you rep that way?
forever i'ma be a shady 7 4 gangsta
plus i survive everything you got in that chamber
i thrive off of danger, jumpin' in all beef
you keep talking shit now the squad called me
enough holdin' back the steam, em let off a magazine
dappadon cappa queen mixed in with cashis creams
started off with half a dream, developed into what you see
telling ain't my cup of tea, can't tell i'm a f***in' g
i'm on automatic when i'm at it, start static
and you splattered, shit shattered, i'm a walkin' b**** magnet
spit it how i live it, live it all the way to the limit
and i'm always on my pivot for my digits, you dig it?
so who run it?
you know, you actin' like you don't know
i tear the club up fo' sho
this flow is gon' bring more dough
and you know but you actin' like you don't know
who run it?
you know, you actin' like you don't know
i tear the club up fo' sho
this flow is gon' bring more dough
and you know but you actin' like you don't know
who run it?
you know who this is
shady, g unit, aftermath
lloyd banks, ca$his, marshall mathers, ferrari f 50
it's a movement, you can't stop it
talk of new york, tony yayo..."
"you still love me?
take this
you ready?
1   2   three!
*bang, bang*
the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
i know it's sad but it's making me happy
the more that you slap me,
the more that it turns me on
because you love me and i love you more
it's sick but who could ever predict we'd be doin' the same shit
we say that we do it for our baby but we don't, we do it for us
it's lust, 'cuz neither one of us trusts each other so we f***
'till we bust, 'till cuss each other out, we know what it's about
shout 'till i throw you out the house, you throw me out the house
i throw you on the couch, punch you in the mouth, we fist fight
'till we turn this mother out and apologize after, laughter
pain, it's insane, we're back in the same chapter again
and it's sad but it's true, when i'm laying here with you
there ain't nothing anyone could ever say or ever do 'cuz
the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
i know it's sad but it's making me happy
the more that you slap me,
the more that it turns me on
because you love me and i love you more
'cuz i hate you, do you hate me?
good, 'cuz you're so f***in beautiful when you're angry
it makes me wanna just take you and just throw you
on the bed and f*** you like i don't even know you
you f*** other people and i f*** other people
you're a slut, but i'm equal, i'm a mutt, we're both evil
in our ways but neither one of us would ever admit it
'cuz one of us would have one up on the other so forget it
we can make accusations, people spread rumours
but they ain't got proof, 'till they do, it's just the two of us
you and me, 'cuz any chick can say that she's screwin' me
but you gotta believe it to a degree 'cuz true indeed
if you didn't i wouldn't be hittin', yeah i would
'cuz the sex is too damn good, if i ran, who would i run to?
it would be this soft and ???, so it's off and on
usually more off then on but at least we know that we
share this common bond, you're the only one i can f***
without a condom on, i hope the only reason that i cope
is 'cuz if that f***** busts then
i can bust in that, and that's why
the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
i know it's sad but it's making me happy
the more that you slap me,
the more that it turns me on
because you love me and i love you more
i can never understand it,
that's why i don't try
from junior high until we both die,
you silly hoe why must we try
is it really so rough that we must always
call each other's billy goat's gruff
try to pull each other's legs until the other begs
we're lying to ourself, that's the beauty of it, yeah
'cuz we truly love each other, that's why we always fight
and all we do is shove each other every other f***in' night
and it's clear, it ain't gonna change, this pinned up rage
we both have, we both feel like we've been upstaged
by someone else, we both been
someone else's someone else
the problem is neither one
wants help, it's an addiction
and it can't be fixed, our family's mixed up
there's a baby sister in the mix and it hurts
'cuz the pieces to the puzzle don't fit
and anybody who thinks
he knows us doesn't know shit
and they're probably just tired
of hearing it all the time on every song
every lyric and every rhyme,
all the hoopla, all of the woopty woo
what you put me through, f***in' woopty do
but i won't be made a fool of, if this is true love
you wouldn't do what you did last time,
you wouldn't screw up
this time, 'cuz this time girl i'm tellin you what
you do it again and i'm f***in' you up 'cuz no matter
what you say, what you do
i'ma hunt you down 'till i find you
no matter where you run, i'll be right there
right behind you in your nightmares
so much for them flowers, and the candy
all the times that you threw it back at me
told me you hate me, you 'gon hate me more
when you find out you can't escape me, whore
the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more
i buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me
i know it's sad but it's making me happy
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
because you love me and i love you more"
"the days are cold, livin' without you
the nights are long, i'm growing older
i miss the days of old, thinkin' about you
you may be gone, but you're never over
if proof could see me now, i know he'd be proud
somewhere in me deep down
there's something in me he found
that made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now
you try, it'll be them doors
andre's phantom, believe me clowns
that means suicide homie, you'll never throw me
off of this course, blow me
b**** i do this all for the sport only
but i want it all, i'm not just talking awards homie
and the balls in my court, and it's lonely
on top of the world when you're the only
one with the balls in your shorts
to leave them jaws on the floor with no remorse
remember that when they get to doggin' you boy homie
so y'all can just get to bloggin' about bologna
i'm not gonna stop the saga
continue, no stoppin' the force obi
i'm moppin the floors with them, i keep try'na pass it
but they keep on droppin' the torch
and it won't be, long til this sport is o v e r
just blaze and me, we are knockin' them doors and
no we ain't pumpkins on halloween
but we'll show up on your porch, so be
careful what you say
there ain't no punks over here so follow me
through the fog like i'm s n double o p
let me guide you through the smoke g
if only i wasn't travellin' down this road by my lonely
no one who knew me like you will ever know me
i don't think you understand how much you meant to me
the days are cold, livin' without you
the nights are long, i'm growing older
i miss the days of old, thinkin' about you
you may be gone, but you're never over
and it don't stop and it don't quit and it don't stop and it don't quit and i miss you i just miss you i just miss you homie, i'll never forget you 
for you, i wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life
so sick it'll blow up the mic, it'll put the dyna in mite
yeah, it'll make the dopest mc
wanna jump off a bridge and shit himself
tap dancin' all over the beat
it'll jump off the page and spit itself
yeah it's the best thing i could do
right now for you doodi is to rap
so i'mma f*** til' i die, yeah i'mma do it to death
and instead of mourning your death
i'd rather celebrate your life
elevate to new height, step on the gas and accelerate
i'mma need two mics
'cause the way that i'm feelin' tonight
everything i can just do right
there's nothing that i can do wrong
i'm too strong and i'm just too hyped
just finished the rhyme and bust it
and excuse the corny metaphor
they'll never 'ketchup' to all this energy that i've 'mustard'
so god just help me out
while i fight through this grieivin' process
try'na process this loss is makin' me nauseous
but this depression ain't takin me hostage
i've been patiently watchin' this game
pacin' these hallways
you had faith in me always
proof you knew i'd come out of this slump
rise from these ashes
come right back on they asses
and go mike tyson on these bastards
and imma show 'em, blow 'em out the water
slaughter 'em homes
i'll own so many belts
the only place they can hit me is below 'em
homie i know i'm, never gonna be the same without you
i woulda never came in this game
i'm going insane without you
matter of fact it was just the other night
had another dream about you
you told me to get up
i got up and spread my wings and i flew
you gave me a reason to fight
i was on my way to see you
you told me nah dudey
you're not layin' on that table i knew
i was gonna make it
soon as you said think of hailie, i knew
there wasn't no way that i was gonna ever leave them babies
and proof not many are lucky enough
to have a guardian angel like you
lord i'm so thankful
please don't think i don't feel grateful, i do
just grant me the strength that i need
for one more day to get through
so homie this is your song, i dedicate this to you
i love you dudey
the days are cold, livin' without you
the nights are long, i'm growing older
i miss the days of old, thinkin' about you
you may be gone, but you're never over
and it don't stop and it don't quit and it don't stop and it don't quit and i miss you i just miss you i just miss you homie, i'll never forget you "
"welcome back, to the stage of history
yo.. slim shady!
yo.. i'll f***in.. i'll..
i'll puke, eat it, and freak you battle? i'm too weeded to speak to
the only key that i see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
i'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
you'll think i pulled the f***in ground out from underneath you
 i ain't no f***in g, i'm a cannibal
i ain't tryin to shoot you,
i'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers f*** the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
i'm so bananas i'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it
while i sit back and just hope it catches
blow you to fragments
laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes
chorus: j black 
i see the light at the end
but every time i take a step, it gets dim
tell me is this hell we're livin in?
if so, heaven's got to be better
but if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down
am i the worst? because i, never go to church i run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
i'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc
leave the e.r., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot
one day we all gon' die
but when i die, i'ma be so high
that i'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare
with the chalk outline still there
i smoke 'til i choke and i sex a lot
i got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock
now if i pray everynight do i still have to hold my trey very tight?
you feel me god? i done did so much shit while on earth
i smoke, i drink, i curse, and to make matters worse
i bust my gun first, and then i chat with your corpse
since way back, i was one to never like back talk
see me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a nordface
nickle nine at my waist, god done lost faith
angels greet me but i don't reply back
just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's thai at?
chorus 1/2
maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
final battle, fight!
analyze the strength of my game, like lee corso
call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso
and of course, yo, y'all know i'm no stranger to danger
like christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
i breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
and beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
my pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
tie your wife to the back of a black jag and i drag her
ten blocks, untie the b**** and i still bag her
give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
my shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
my flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel
everyday i grow more older, and more colder
fly you to colorado, roll you over with a boulder
i know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
cause you f***in with some n****z like this who just don't care
chorus
but every time i take a step, it gets dim..
tell me is this hell we're livin in?
haha..
time's up!
you lose!"
